I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us slim and healthy .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
No wonder we say that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
The second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of a team and all the team play as one person .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at a club .
I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
I can also have fun with my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting sport .
Famous people definitely deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone should have a private life .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I could n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will take a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admit , that film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they chose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement for the summer camp job in the current , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills relevant to working with children .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
Everything 's OK .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
What a pity , that you were n't there .
If I had known about the thing before I would have invited all my mates .
It really was amazing . I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me at one moment , when the band started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard of it .
The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which is being offered at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 . He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at the moment .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many people all around the world love football .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it will always be in my life .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because it 's a lot of fun .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
When we arrived there in July last summer , the owners welcomed us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay , all the staff were friendly and always available .
Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
As time went by , football remained my favourite sport .
It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend ?
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
At any time of day or night , we can see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments ; from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show you the restaurant which is my favorite choice .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Your friend
Nick
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was professional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could win .
Our competition was on Monday . We had one day left .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I told Tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I am a university student .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Two months ago I worked in a kindergarten .
I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can also do different activities with kids , for example , singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learned how to cook different types of dishes and desserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
I 'm the right person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Best regards
Karen
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
I would define it as an action movie .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
Although presenting a more lively plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly in their private vehicles .
It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase a car .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
The difficulty of learning something .
In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
But this is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop science .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
I look forward to hearing from you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
One of them which covers all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
In fact ,
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
On the top floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too crowded and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
To sum up , it would seem that downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements should include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who worked abroad during the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
I advise parents to let children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life at the moment .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
The main advice would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be calm , not feel stress .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your family .
I think that would be the best advice .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
To sum up , I totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body . They both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
Dear Sir or Madam
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper last Monday .
This job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently got a second degree in psychology .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would say that this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic about a wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experiencing new things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this position .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary J.
Badminton for every age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climber , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favourite sport .
I feel happy after every game .
It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
You have to be competitive !
You can play it at any age .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
My coach was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different cities and countries .
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
Invite your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
I usually play three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
In our badminton club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped them to build the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
However , the structure has been kept so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he would always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
He dreamt it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
That was his entire dream . He was now scared to find out if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which would be the leader .
After a few days of staying awake and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You start living on your own , make your own decisions and plan your future .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
They do n't know which university and field of study to choose .
During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
You have enough time to try to use your abilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduate school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
You can get to know other countries and new individuals .
On the other hand , I can also see negative aspects of taking a year off .
You start your studies later compared with your friends .
It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
In addition , I recently passed my First Aid Course , which is quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and get the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages to watching TV .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
Everyone can choose something suitable for them .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money on an expensive ticket .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went to the gas station late today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and went to work .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me back at the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
Dear Sir or Madam
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
I want to ask some questions about the course .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the lessons ?
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to contact me .
Thank you very much .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators worked with very large texts .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoors , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I try drinking a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
- I 'm just a late riser .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Just follow the daily regimen .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But you can switch on some special morning TV shows .
I will send you a list of them .
They are very helpful .
- OK .
And what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
Just a glass of still water and some fruit .
I think you should consult a doctor about it .
- Sure . Thank you for your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
- No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
- What about coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is a good thing .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
- OK …
- And I forgot to add that you must do some morning exercises .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
Watching quiz programs is a main way to educate oneself .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
Being aware of current affairs is important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just waste our time with no other benefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must . Everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
But it should be at a moderate level .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a response soon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I could pick you up from the airport by car .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest bringing something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I think he will be excited when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who the professional film director is .
Looking forward to your answer .
Best regards
Antonio
The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
So I could take advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
There should be a bar which is open 24 hours .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
lessons on their computers from their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mixed response .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home makes you lose contact with others .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to about them .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
Next , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
Schools provide you with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschool .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschool are n't interested in health and safety issues !
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
The condition of public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel in their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel on public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place on public transport .
It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a bus , you accept the risk .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review another option , such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be keen to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
Their lives are focused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplish our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages does it have ?
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
In fact , it can help them to speak with their friends more easily .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources could harm their writing skills .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem which relates to safety .
Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangers there are on the internet .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 're coming to visit me !
Now I will explain to you how to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the number 14 bus and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
I look forward to seeing you to spend this month together .
Best wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers are responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
Secondly , teachers can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course curriculum .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines could minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends are like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essential to share secrets or anything .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than in bad company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they always tell the truth .
Not just what you want to hear .
They want better for you , and they will always be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessary in your life .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
If you feel love , share it ! Every day may be the last .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like living here .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret visiting Santa Cruz .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
Why these sports ?
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
That 's the main reason I love them .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
The roads can be frozen .
And skiing .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each of us .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
But I can manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses :
Watching the sunset between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owning a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save a lot of time .
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Using public transport helps save resources such as fuel and electricity .
If people insist on travelling by car , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years old .
She was his neighbour and they had loved each other from when they were young .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
So she packed her luggage and she came to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
She was disappointed and tried to explain her thinking to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
" If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time as she walked away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
Then it is very important to go to this store and choose an object that makes you remember the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
Nevertheless , the sports store is a little expensive .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
However , these three are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefer travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
But is it true ?
Travelling by car can give you a certain status and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by science .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
However , the method has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
However , this news can be false .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
In conclusion , the internet has pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood who have been living there more than 1000 years .
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
See you my Nigga !
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport has a lot of possibilities , more than I thought when I started to run after finishing High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths to pavement .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
There are many kinds of sport and my favourite is Karate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
I enjoy it and got achievability from it .
Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
The practice of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning journey .
If you want to try it ,
Karate is not a difficult sport .
It 's an easy and a healthy sport .
It is just like playing a game .
Open your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their cars less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confident .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability ; hiking .
The biggest benefit of hiking is that you can enjoy fantastic views from the summit of mountains .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depending on how you feel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Do n't forget to take some water as well .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
You need to spend a lot of money if you want to buy a car , if you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great view of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
At the start of the 20th century , almost nobody had a car .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of travelling .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
Nowadays , people depend on them too much .
Cars are used even when not necessary .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our cars to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regarded for its education .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your language and to get to know Italy better .
You should definitely visit Rome and Florence !
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a tourist country , you could work as a waiter in my city .
Tell me exactly when you will arrive as soon as possible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
He also played in the school football team and beat the state club .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who took care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and informed the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
It is awful if you do not have private transport .
I propose using fewer cars .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking story I have seen in recent years .
In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team composed of the four best illusionists .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I would say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
We must reduce exam stress for high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and teachers to deal with exam stress .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand out study guides to the students .
This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The study guide does n't necessarily need to be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to revise content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
With your certificate , you can easily find a job .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunities to get there if you have studied abroad .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
Students who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
They try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities at weekends or during academic breaks .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experience .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
By February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
Are you nervous when you have to speak in public ?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be tried anywhere .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for your latest letter .
I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
You know that I learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Please , check for me which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
I want to know if a grant is available .
If so , what are the criteria for giving it .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching them . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Personally , I watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
People who signed the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hong Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fact , China will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
There are different numbers of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
China has not take any further action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US should stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that they may face .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
I work out the problem easily .
From this experience , I learn that I should not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to find out facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school ,
I took physics class .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
In summary , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
If you ask me , who the person is who I admire the most ,
I would say you are talking about my father .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business . He used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He has travelled a lot . He knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to play tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I could go on .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
A lot of them .
They are designed to do all things related to housework .
In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
And one of the most important things for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solutions will be swimming pools in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
We picked up our things and started to walk .
The first thing to visit , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in all my life .
We decided to go to talk with him .
He started being nervous when we asked where he had seen that girl .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
When he saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
The dinner was amazing .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
That 's for sure .
Would you like to become a basketball player too ?
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
A player can win a game , but only a team can win championships " .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However , this family believed that if they achieved their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to solve a bit the problem for the UK 's recycling system .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because some of their usual food .
Such us yoghurts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this lifestyle much more than a couple of months .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are made with plastic .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
in order to not waste energy .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between some people .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
I did n't see them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
How do they know ?
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers where the boy died .
How did these people find the spot ?
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
That was an unfair death .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
But , unfortunately , we 're not in the future .
The other benefit of living abroad is incredible personal experiences .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
This will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
I hope you got a high score at school .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple juice ) .
Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without a fixed timetable .
But , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
Finally , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
I hope you enjoy your trip and see you soon .
Paco
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you always have to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcome by your foe !
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
Every country has got its own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
I want to describe the story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
But in the 17th century a miracle happened .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
What are the sports you usually do ?
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at first sight .
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
You can visit museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
At night it has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and recommendations
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to explore their culture .
Anybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach their children .
They have faced different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter whether they have failed or gained success through those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
They are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emotional matters .
They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
What I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
I enjoy hearing the rain while I am reading at home .
However , I like walking very much , too .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or go shopping .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on TV .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like thrillers and drama too .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
We arrived on the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
The cottage was really great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
But luck was n't with me !
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am always glad to receive your letters !
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
This is a documentary about science .
I like watching it because I can get a lot of information from this programme .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
technological developments .
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the change of plan for the cruise .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
We also have to keep in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my town we protect the environment around us :
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
The second do n't agree with them .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
Yours faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example , pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
I enjoyed the time off from university .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
Learning can also take place outside the university campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
While on holidays from university ,
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to university .
I told my friends and family members the importance of university education to our community .
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on time off from university ,
I took a part - time job with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed the monetary aspect of this job .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'm moving to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to be part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita was 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
The car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsening problem .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all types .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system includes 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system is 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport passes as a benefit .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming to Rome next week and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see you .
Love .
Adri
I think it would be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will not have a problem eating .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly ; you feel at home .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening . It 's really fun !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially considering the quality of food and service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but there really was n't any sound !
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answered me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
What do you feel are the main causes of this ?
What are the effects ?
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
Dear friend :
How are things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I had a really good time with my boyfriend . This place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
See you soon !
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a long time .
He did n't know what to do . He tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to look at him .
He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can do .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that stress decreases considerably .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doing well .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community about the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I propose having a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
The article is devoted to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
It brings you directly to my suburb .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
I suggest bringing a coat .
If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set timetables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
Not to mention the fuel .
Generally speaking , cars generate more pollution than any public transport .
The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stayed in the hotel that night .
In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to board a plane and come back here .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
It does not need fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
Using this transport I will go to New Zealand then Australia and other countries .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet the local population .
In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
Travelling by car is much more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
There would be much more exhaust if every person drove a car .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It takes place in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
The hero finds all his friends are disappearing one by one .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
Only by looking in the eyes of stone - cold danger can he evade disappearance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I never went over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I have changed pools three times .
At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants to start this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he is afraid of the water , it is not recommended to do this sport , or being able to overcome his fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I think playing basketball helps me to be healthy .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never played any sport before .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
I do n't either . However , I have a curious opinion .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will always be part of you .
Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
On the other hand , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you are willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from communal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
What about the future ?
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation recovers .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , healthy and full of energy .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
It refreshes me .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
At first , I could n't believe that I could do this .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which makes your life more easy and effective .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
These courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
Yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blade Runner .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who was the director of Alien .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life ; we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car will we be choosing more often in future ?
On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
Hi Sara ,
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help . You 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to see you soon !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an aborted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research and help other people .
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors to Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Findings
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can buy local food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We have a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
When women spend hours in the shops , men must go with them .
It 's a torment for every man .
First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like things which they have to do .
In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about them , we will realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoying them .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output remote port of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and amaze everyone who reads my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
How are you doing ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I went to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days of my life .
It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
But , I fortunately made it .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it would be too hard for me to do it right .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier than I thought at first .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we could go see the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
We took some photos and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael does n't know anything about love and sweetness .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He arrived and the first word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
But that is Michael .
And Michael does n't care what people think about him .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
- " What ? What 's wrong with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You always do something wrong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
Yeah .
And that was how Michael was at that moment .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I wo n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like this .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit her .
That was all .
He got his bag and he went to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Now you know what sexual harassment is .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
I have explained two important aspects of sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what sexual harassment is .
Second , I told you what you can do to deal with it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
Be alert and take some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are affected , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
You begin with a
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
The meat is not salty as
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
Drinks are apart from the package .
In addition , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and feel comfortable .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
In this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
Now that mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Our interaction with human beings has been pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with other people .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy life .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreaming of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I am very interested in starting a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and what are the working hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit I can expect in the first year .
In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
What training do you offer ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thank you very much for your help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get more and more lonely and also selfish , too .
No one will help each other .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological .
Technology will be our best friend .
Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just to save time ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
What about relationships ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we do n't change our minds immediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
As we can see , an unequal percentage is shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia for many years .
We had two factories and a great number of traffic problems .
We did not even know what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great number of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
At the beginning , this was a very controversial decision .
Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move the last factory away from the river .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
Maybe most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
Thus , it fits perfectly for those people who have a bad relationship with their families .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people whom they can trust .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
I was just a bit worried because there are 28 students in this class , but they are very respectful and clever .
We took the local bus and we arrived at this place at ten .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
I think that the students will not forget what they have learned very soon .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
I think one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it gives people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
He invited all of his friends .
A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
Next week I am going to throw a similar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited , of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement which was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
Currently , I am studying Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have experience of working with children .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrive .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governmental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
As a result , quality would be guaranteed .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently saw your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I have some free months and I want to earn some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are seeking to fill .
Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have some money for personal things .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
In the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it was a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it was scary .
But I could n't find the remote control . I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
I went to bed and fell asleep .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shot them all dead .
But I fell into a grave .
It was very dark .
I screamed my lungs out .
I woke up in shock .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
She told me not to watch horror movies again .
Dear all ,
I found your advertisement in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for whole days .
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
I heard that the children who attend your camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to discover a culture .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
It 's typical to eat pasta as a starter at lunch .
It is cooked in different ways .
It is common to have meat as a main course .
To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope this information will be useful to you .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really like the school and it is going well so far .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worried that you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
You have to set a time to do your tasks .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memory .
Suddenly , a tumbledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
He felt a rage and a fear of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis could be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
" Stop the singing !
" he whispered , " someone might hear it . "
Then he calmed down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he say No ! when she came and begged him for help .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a little bit of the history of it .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
It will consider some relevant things which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in the medium term will be transport .
Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
Instead of it , imaginary road networks will be built in our air space .
Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
If we develop our different areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better world .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is , and always will be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos . I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
He was always talking about following your dreams and never giving up .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find a way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
There are a lot of different viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
Famous people haven't got private lives .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
They deserve to have a normal life , have secrets , a moment of peace without curiosity around them .
Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
People can not have everything and live as they want .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford to travel and their only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
Everyone , from time to time , needs a moment of peace to relax and renew their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can see this is in the traffic .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
The poor quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers , each car consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air pollution .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation will still be the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays , higher education is becoming more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
There are some similarities . However , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future of public transport .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
So , in the near future , there will no longer be a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
retirement .
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retire as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
At the end of the meeting , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that spending community taxes on public transport makes no sense .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
All surfaces are used in the best way possible .
There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these goals .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costs , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , 3 months being the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September onwards .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay at your company .
I hope you will consider my application and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
My favorite sport is running .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
That is what I call a good activity .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
After the first trials , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
It even helps reduce your belly !
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
This way , there will be less trouble when doing the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Take that pair of sneakers and go for it !
I always considered football as art .
It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
Only the results will be recognized at the end .
It 's not the effort they have applied or all the hopes they had .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
Do they like it or not ?
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't turn out as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazzi who are trying to find out more about their private life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not disturb such moments .
Everybody must have free time to themselves .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
Good to hear from you .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
There are a lot of things to visit here .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
Starting from the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
See you soon !
Valeria
In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
Generally speaking , there are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the best . However , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivating employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been very frightened until one day when something strange happened .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe . Her best friend , Michael , was also there .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got into the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I have numerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another era .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
However , the most impressive thing is the range of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of liver .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I changed my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
I guess that the name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about that .
THE STRENGTH OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
An enormous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no circumstances should we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Working abroad can offer you a good opportunity . Maybe it would never happen in your own country instead .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may really miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are greater than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but that 's life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester . I was born in Danderyd and
I have not moved since then .
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a fairly small , black pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand . It was wonderful and we stayed at a hotel so close to the beach I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals ; everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
We have been to Champéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , which is awesome .
We have also been to Verbier . I loved the cabin we slept in there .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best are , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist .
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
I like food , especially Italian food . It is my favorite food to eat .
And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another dream job for me would be art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , France , around the 1980 's .
One of the foundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam soldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the foundations of Parkour too .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for public transport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
However , public transport also has advantages .
On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by car .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product in any way .
The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance service to required customers in future to attract more customers .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
However , changes always have a negative side .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than villages .
To resolve this problem , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep our streets clean .
At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
There are some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's great !
He had to supervise his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
But that 's not all ...
When you get to the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You can have a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can admire the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes . There is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are visited by the local people daily .
If you get tired of wandering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
The shops close at between six and eight o'clock in the evening .
When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants ; everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife it offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion is a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about their clothing .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion was .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufacturers ? '
Their opinions varied a bit here .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
They said that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
The students were a bit uncertain but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
And there are a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was : ' Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely sunny day .
I had been gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was playing with a ball that was small and green .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I was so surprised !
I was not expecting any letters .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
That letter has changed my whole life .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of the existence of cars .
The general public are using public transportation more than before .
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There was a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything was correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts .
From Monday to Friday I was in
Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for a long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
But I lost her after a little kiss on the cheek on the first date .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
And I believed her .
And since then , it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
Since I have a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing things with you .
And I used English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourist destination is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
Its products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have just received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station at 6 o'clock in the morning .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
What could it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yours ,
Ann .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building in the city .
The great view it provides is incredible .
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwiches .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Have a good trip !
I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person uses a car , pollution will increase a lot .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Fame is a choice of many people ; it was their dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private lives .
Many of them have got family members who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually , journalists also follow them all the time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
They want to be rich and famous and they know that journalist will follow them .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
It 's a price of being famous .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
Public activity is one of the most important things .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
The television is one of the most important media .
So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I have always believed I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
In my opinion , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
Also , I trained my body and became more healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention to global warming and ways to deal with it .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
One of the purposes of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
After undergoing this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to have a private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
Besides , being followed by unknown people must be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Dear Principal ,
I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
In school , my first language was English .
I can speak English well but not fluently .
My listening is good and I can understand .
I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
I like reading books and travelling to different countries and getting to know there culture .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat on the seat next to him .
She asked him when the bus was going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus started after half an hour and Michael started talking with his parents over the phone and discussing his business .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered to drop her at home and the girl accepted with a smile .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
This advertisement sought a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Lorena .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lives .
It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
He went to church on that day .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepared himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
His mother would probably be working . She was a realtor and would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarves on .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The park was sealed by green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
Some people like shopping .
Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
I am among the first type of people .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
Some brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
There are all styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts by Italian singers and some foreign artists .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know a lot of young people .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They were all tortured viciously before death .
It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes it aside and sees a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with the ability to kill .
I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
She knew that he would be staying away for so long but she would wait .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just realised that she would n't be alone anymore .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
Shopping Facilities
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located in the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Special shops
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionate about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " are dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Recommendations for tourists
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
There is little doubt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain fame all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
On the other hand , they are still normal people , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without being recognised by other people , without giving autographs and having their photo taken .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
I found the advertisement on your website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
I link to a page in my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm also suitable for the work in the kitchens .
I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
What is it like to be famous ?
How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
It is a big source of pressure .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
I like my student life without followers .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Public transport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new way of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and exercise at the same time .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
I was born on July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older . He is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing . She turns 50 this year .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
Nowadays , people care more about themselves and doing good things is wrong for some of them !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
We need more caring people !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you wrote to me for some advice and I am very honoured that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must do a really good tour of my country .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
There are lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
I think you could work as an entertainer in some tourist villages around the country .
In that way , you could improve your way to make a relationship with people and it could also be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your ability , so I think that you could take some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
I hope that my advice will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Let me know if you enjoy your tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Karate gave me a new purpose in life .
This is one reason why it is my favorite sport .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
On entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your work .
Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then does it start to be great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Dear Sir / Madam
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
We can meet each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
The perfect outfit might be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
At night , the noise was annoying . I was not able to rest properly .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In addition , the elevator was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girls , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffet and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or Biology .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost every one of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other big hobbies is photography .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her , so I opened the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind made the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really heavily .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
And today I have got normal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
These are the most important facts about me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camden .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
Public transport has been made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
For these reasons , I consider that doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in could be a good option .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
During the process , people work their legs a lot , mixing different positions and speeds . And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finished yet , education does n't stop from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a journey which goes in the wrong direction .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like looking good .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
Another point is that we can meet friends more or visit our family if we have more free time and that is always good .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
Hi James ,
how are things going ?
I hope you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I get there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
It would be amazing !
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
I 'll give you some other information shortly .
Write back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
I study philology .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
Now I am working as a journalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
You may ask why that is .
I 'll tell you .
First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My programs are for old people in different villages .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
But instead I am writing about stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and a family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My country has been attacked by Russia .
God , save us from evil .
Teach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They got to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercising and playing together , they finally become two enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Finally , joining a sports team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is spent working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
Is everything OK with your family ?
Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her asap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
This year , my country 's media celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places on Earth .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
Fantastic actors perform in this theatre and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
Yours sincerely ,
Dominika .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
Some people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply for a post in the summer camps in the USA .
I heard about it in my English class at my university .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Ashby
I am writing this letter to apply for the post advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
I am particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the tempting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't watch dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
In my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's located in Rosario , Argentina .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentinian flag on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters have always been the cruellest ones .
Why ?
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
In recent years , social media sites have developed and penetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
The town has 100,000 inhabitants .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .

After a day of shopping , you can go to one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
In summer Kortrijk organises small concerts .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Many green zones have been created .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
In our honest opinion , this is not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
To sum it up , we were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna Olsen and family
How will people 's lives change in the future ?
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think today 's television is still good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much that they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
This photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
They 're enjoying the view .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The city looks beautiful in this season .
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
When we were schoolgirls , we used to spend all our free time together .
We are living in different places now .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficult today !
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
My CV is enclosed .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
After sixteen years of continuous work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
To find out about other cultures and get new knowledge completely different from school .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
The year off should be taken after university studies .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people committing the offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policies on roads and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
In general , reducing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Maintaining cars has associated costs .
Driving a car requires fuelling it with gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical problems can often be costly problems .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
In other perspective , cars require driving .
Driving is something not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be the optimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
Dear friends !
Our congregation has run educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to be indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
They ca n't stand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for elderly people .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that respect .
It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of you .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decor and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
You will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them ,
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique features and different selections .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she took me back to the store . We found out that they did not have the same scruff because it was the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shopping in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
However , most shopping centers provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
On the other hand , there are some channels which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels , too .
I think there are good TV programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
Television still has something important to show .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I had a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concerning the organisation .
I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
Their jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small suggestions .
First of all , the venue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
I saw parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
In addition , tickets were too expensive .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
Yours faithfully
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it into the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep our planet safe , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
If we ignore them , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
Well , to travel in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
To help you , I need to know what you prefer to do .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to spend some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these places , the best season is the summer .
One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
For work , I advise you to come to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
Nowadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a better job .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Even though studying a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to achieve when you study by yourself .
Brazilians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
This can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
The Brazilian educational system should be aware to develop students ' language skills more .
Learning English as a second language will help Brazilians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
After all , this is hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
She knew that besides her , the race would be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump into the water .
The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
They were all keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
In the water she feels at home .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize and regained confidence .
It was one of the happiest days of her life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it combined a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I study English for two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I scored 56% in my last test .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free time .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
Yours faithfully
Marcos Rodriguez
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Now I need it again .
There are a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will keep on growing in such a crowded era .
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as follows :
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
The wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
There are the three following reasons .
Firstly , no one likes to be sad .
Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
All of this will affect your life badly . Maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Secondly , everybody seeks safety in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
The war in my country made me feel no longer safe .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
In conclusion , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything making you sorry .
Be someone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
Therefore , she has everything good about being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
By increasing the variety of cars with new technology , people 's demand hasn't ' stopped .
But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
As technology enhances the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it because of many different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
This job would give me the opportunity to practise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
I am free for the job from the 20th of May until the 15th of September .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
Studying English in your country lets you continue working or studying without changing your habits .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by yourself during the week .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it has advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them . Also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
Title : The kimono .
Written by Herbert Ernes Bates .
There are two main characters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to London for an appointment for a job interview .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recommended him .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
This changed his life forever .
He forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as expected .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universally accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable .
However , other people think differently .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone knows that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
At the same time , there is one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
But is it a good invention for the world ?
To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
This makes us curious to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
What are you doing here ? , "
and he held me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
I'm very excited because you are here .
We are finally together .
It 's three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holiday from school . "
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
How are you ?
I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love looking at the scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated by a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross to the other side .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
Wear comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eating healthy food .
Another problem is that the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper than the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to go to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED and battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emits a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch rises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
This job is related to my subjects of interest .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards conducting medical experiments on animals .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impacts on different species .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The professor counters this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it uses not carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it needs to be purified in order to be used .
She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of your sister ?
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
I was absolutely terrified as I had to show .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
I am definitely going to play the piano for a long time .
A person who I admire
One of the people who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murdered in 1968 , in Memphis . He was 39 years old .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are concentrated in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation . It 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century .
Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
It 's a group of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
There you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and their lifestyles are dissimilar .
Hello my friend
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it . It was the best experience ever . I wish you could have been there to see that .
Hope we have the chance to see each other next month .
Write soon
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge for their students to help them develop academically and socially .
Let us look at an example of a university student .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
I had a similar experience
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare students for their future development .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very good .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping with my mother .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Dear Sir / Madam
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Yours faithfully ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
These problems are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The messages are very important ones which affected me .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
There you can find almost everything you want .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you could have a problem with your budget .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
That 's the point of the Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
First , I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
accepting applications at the moment .
Your project is very compelling for me .
I wish I could
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's an easy , beautiful language .
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteers and if you are considering
applicants from Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays , I live in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology . When I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
I would be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Hi !
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson . She 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced .
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
Harry and Alice are seven and one .
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
I had hired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
After a week , we went home .
My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you read it .
My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I have been playing tennis since I was four years old .
But I played basketball and tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the city being visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the city you are visiting .
Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
By visiting museums we can learn interesting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun seeing interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinosaurs . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you visit .
I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than drive a car for these reasons .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
And now , when cities are expanding , public transport will be more important than ever .
The importance of the internet in our lives
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
The internet has a lot of consequences in our lives .
It makes it possible to study and do research more easily .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
It is football .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
Every day in my town , people talk only about football because it can give you a lot of emotions .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it best for the pollution and the environment ?
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car is not necessary in my quiet village and I feel really happy there .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
In others sports , this is not the case .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
Yet , it has still not been built .
Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to study .
Moreover , pupils demand the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
This is a difficult question to answer too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
First , I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centre .
It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the building of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit and run
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
This sport consists of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requires you to be really focused on hitting the ball correctly .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
And there was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I went in " .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows . I am going out of this house . I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
The vacation starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
This technology will be improved further in the future .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
The share of cars could remain because of electric cars .
But the way of using cars could change .
For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films whatsoever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
I truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports for children during this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him , I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person who is always there .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
My best friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
In the future he wants to be a general .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you might think , he is a very straight person who knows what he wants .
But he also can be harmfully and sensitive .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
Many people around the world follow international sports events passionately .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and wars still exist .
The most important events take place in some different country every four years .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
People seem to be distracted from their real life .
The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , but I still think that it 's not the truth .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
I 've been interested in playing an instrument since I was a child .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
They are key clues in forensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
Have you ever wondered why we need sports ?
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without them .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
For example , playing sport at least twice a week prevents diseases and obesity .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress , go to the gym .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
I am into it because it is quite addictive and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Although herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
It is a movie that presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
Suddenly , the man turned back and looked at her .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
In fact , he was wearing a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Maria could hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Then Robert smiled and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their living in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which have forests and wetlands as their habitats will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to find after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
Anyway , there are also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddenly , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
She immediately picked up the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respected him .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael ran away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying the outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
What places you can visit
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
Where you can have an amazing night
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
What 's the description of a famous person ?
Most of the people know a lot about them .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the front page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied to politicians .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
Computers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It May Concern ,
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
While attending my labs , he showed himself to be an active and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
Indeed , I consider Mr
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
He was very naughty and was not very interested in his studies .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievous behavior .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
They ran towards their house , worried about their child .
Every Everyone was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he would n't lie ever in his life again .
He was even made to apologize to all the neighboring villagers .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest got jailed .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
I know how much you like both activities so I suppose you are having a hard time .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
First off , I would take him on a long journey by car .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Then , once we got on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while would I ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
All I 'd have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need to practise .
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
You just try to do your best .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors can be opened easily .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first day of class at the university .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important those subjects were .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with when I went for a vacation in the countryside .
That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do that .
In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
As you can see , my friend missed the opportunity because he did n't like what he was asked to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll miss many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
Some people say that the computer changes the way people see the world , and this changes the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
For example , paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport ?
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
Help them and enjoy your journey .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that she had lost one of the most important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
It was a ring which was given to her by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he was my childhood friend .
He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
He set up the plan and he carried it out .
He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden released .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news ; a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic electric guitar solos were performed too .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known in the history of the band .
I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I have seen your advertisement and I would be more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I have taken swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Yours faithfully
Andrei
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental changes in that period .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , institutions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , privileged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper of my city .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
Students go to school or university by car as well .
As a result , horrible traffic jams occurred .
The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes are the best way to travel over long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
You drive the route you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades of Grey ....
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green areas . However , they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
To win the game , a good strategy should also be applied .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
Learning to do juggling would also be beneficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for better coordination of hand and eye .
But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
It means nobody should interfere in famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Famous people have also got needs .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
These happenings are not strange .
Because all people have got predicaments .
But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And the media appear on the scene .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
And follow famous people and their families all the time .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The government should give superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got civic rights just like everyone else .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
It is more convenient as you can travel straight to the place you want to go .
Some may say that we will not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
First of all , public transport provides the experience of the journey .
Public transport is not only buses , but also planes and ferries .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is an experience you can not get by car .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
So I think public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of travelling .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
Air pollution makes the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The " Times " newspaper publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality in a person .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that shows how much you really care about them .
I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
It 's good for you to take a year 's break before continuing with your studies .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadel , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea ?
We can go hiking and climbing .
I think you know that I have a friend who is a teacher .
He can come with us on our trip .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
I will meet you at the train station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is , he is not the same man I married and that issue upsets me so much .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
There are widely different views on the future of public transport .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
Two of the principal reasons for this are as follows .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
Not everyone can afford it .
On the other hand , public transport is good value for money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
We all need a shelter where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I helped at .
It was fantastic !
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
They showed me everything I had to do .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install software .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it wastes time .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it often , you will simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I saw your advertisement looking for a children 's monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst children and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
We could learn new activities from each other .
I am a good cook .
Although I have no qualifications , I love cooking .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy yellow glow inside the cave .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , he felt something very fresh inside him .
It was like breathing in a forest .
He felt happy .
Really Happy .
The old man said , " You feel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Every room has a feeling written on it .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room " .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
He stepped into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think that everybody deserves privacy , including famous people .
They can barely breath with all those photographers around them .
I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
And magazines are full of those things .
Another useless thing is gossip .
Why does it even exist ?
It can really damage someone 's reputation .
I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first thought was : " God , let her live her life !
She is only a human being ! "
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines .
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
Everything has been easy for him , he is used to getting what he wants .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
But that was until he met Celine .
She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
The never - been - noticed girl , Celine .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
' Excuse me ? '
She looked up and she was surprised to see the stranger beside her was the famous Michael .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
She was starstruck .
She knows him .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
Seeing her that close makes him realise that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous . If she would only take off her glasses maybe other people would notice it too . '
Nice then , would you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted out . '
No ' she replied .
This guy actually asked her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
Michael was surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl who is even far from his type .
She had just challenged him .
The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread that easily .
She knew herself that Michael was just playing with her and she said to herself that she would never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
She 'd go out with him .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael was not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen apart .
Tears automatically fell down her face .
Everything Michael had done for her was just for a bet .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
The last time he remembered he had never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew how Celine loved having her privacy . He knew the moment he admitted to everyone that he loved her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loved her .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
His eyes looked automatically at how Celine looked today .
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
The next thing Michael knew was that he was making love with this girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I know everything .
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
Michael froze . '
Everything that happened between us was too good to be true .
I should n't have believed you .
I should n't have believed that you would change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I try to avoid big shopping centres .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything that I would like to buy .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping is enormous lines .
Going for a few groceries always end with an hour in a line .
No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite way of spending my spare - time .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that were necessary for its building .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals still nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
Have you ever heard of it ?
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
Most girls play it in my village .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to warm up .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season , we reached second place .
If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
You can find more information also on the Internet .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , the professor argues that it was impossible that they were weapons because they show no damage .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
The main reason is that the carved stone balls are different types of stones .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
Last but not least , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show an important social status .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the carved stone balls were not found near any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will arise and people will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for humankind , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his classmate at school .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century ; their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
Besides this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child might do to help people without being told the real truth .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
Nevertheless , travelling by car could pose a real threat to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking about buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jams , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car makes as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
In my opinion , public transport is secured for the future .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
We had never been to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
There were two bodies in that place .
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
In the end , we heard Michael 's scream .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
It 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It is about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there are a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
It is a really good book that should n't be missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I think I would be the right person for such a job .
The following thing are worth noting about me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
Their main aim is to make the children happy .
In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
Yours faithfully ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon . Nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I had n't met her since the beginning of the previous February , and that was five months before then .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be worth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can wear on special occasions .
You will fall in love with them as they are pastel coloured .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains if you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
Clothes at lower prices
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high quality .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge of Polish culture and eating habits as well .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment . I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it would be convenient to use them and to leave the car in the garage .
Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
They sold clocks , but at a certain time their factory was closed .
They have to find another job .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are only able to sell .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
They send their CVs .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which follows a wonderful route .
You travel around the whole of the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
As you know , my father runs a tourist agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours in the sun , but it 's a good idea .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
I have included for you the name in this e - mail . I think you should take a look !
Please tell me when you make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
The rest are artists or good workers .
They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to enjoy a private life .
It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will be interested in them .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
This is because something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
I have training in basketball and Physical Education .
For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
In addition , I am very funny and I am always joking .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook at my house and I think I do very well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Enric E.
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
Would it be different from nowadays ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
Hi ,
If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , penguins or horses .
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of the person .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show business .
Dear Jeff ,
Hi , How are you ?
Honestly , I do not like nature programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and comedy shows .
What about you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
I hope you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
Once more . I am sorry .
I think you will understand my situation .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long ; nearly two months .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
To get prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some is n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So public transport is not an exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of public transport .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Most of the time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I have one big sister , Anisa . She is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Green And Clean Environment
Introduction
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the environment of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of their time .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Nobody needs to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recycling
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourists visit Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cáceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a wide selection of food and drink .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of the old town .
Also , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pintores Street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for health purposes .
The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
Experiments carried out with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , including garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment ?
There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
I found out that the leaders of this organization were not realizing the beliefs and principles they were imparting to the public .
They were not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
I have been living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle to work every day .
This does n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
We can begin with ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
Starting in April or May would be right for my schedule .
I think my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would also be interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours Faithfully .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
He has been living in the Netherlands for about a year .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time . He offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spent the night together .
The next day , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love without using protection .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
I looked back and I noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought I decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and I went into it .
I had been well prepared and I carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that I will never forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit here .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
This is a huge amusement park with many attractions for young people looking for excitement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists are required .
Then printing the banknotes .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
The last but most important step is the inspection .
In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the bad ones .
If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There could be a third situation .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost everything .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't easy at all , they 're very different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
I will start level B2 on the next course .
I do n't think you know our national team .
There is a new and stunning generation of basketball players .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
About Ricky Rubio :
I do n't think you follow the American news .
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the opposite direction .
I really enjoy watching him play a lot .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , which are very popular around the country .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
The price of the food is very cheap , taking into account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section on your site , but it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and things like that ?
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what should I do ?
Thank you so much !
Public transport is not as valued as it should be although a lot of people use it every day .
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
Hello .
I am going to talk about my country .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It is a big city with more than one million people .
I live in a little part of Stockholm called Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhabitants .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden has .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway were Vikings .
The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
But they also were the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
Most people in Sweden are Christians .
But because Sweden accepted so many people fleeing to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
The climate in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
Most people go to high school and university .
There is a problem with jobs , though .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that has made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different cultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many racists .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
After the handover in 1997 , it became a special administrative region of China .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which are used in Hong Kong .
For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
Owing to those separate characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
The use of public transport takes more time than using a car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport . That is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appeared in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for your language school .
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I will be able to understand native speakers .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother tongue .
I want to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all situations .
So , now I have two main goals .
The first one is to study a lot of grammar lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to do a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live a long way from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition , this project is probably the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still have several wonderful memories .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is this true ? I agree with this statement .
Why ?
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
Unfortunately , shopping can also bring displeasure .
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
No future for public transport ?
People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
Cars are more common on city roads .
Cars symbolize wealth .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
Students often use public transport instead of cars between cities .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Why ?
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
We see what they really are ; the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Traditional energies are focused on giving all the resources to big cities .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then building large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every episode , new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
I recommend it .
Its short stories have a funny and relaxed time .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take measures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps needs to be undertaken by the government .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
As I 'm taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
Please could you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( How much ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little gift and I invited him to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
She was different from all the other kids .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
At that time , I did n't have many friends . She helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
That is why she is so special to me .
We never hide anything from each other .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had forgotten he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
How could he forget the time of his appointment ?
He still needs to find an ATM to withdraw some money to pay for his appointment .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for him .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carries more weight .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saved him and took that snake away .
That is why I love pets .
He took an action which many other people could not .
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
They feel , as if they were humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can share this love with us .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone should treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them ?
Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human friends .
We can talk , walk and hang out with them .
Many people talk with their pets as if they understand them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
When I see him and ask him how he is .
He always tells me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness ,
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
It was at Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
Do you remember ?
I haven't heard anything from you since then .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
I usually go running there .
I would like to see you soon .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We could meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Give my regards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you with reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , keen to work .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma in English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel this month and the salary offered per week .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if any further information is required .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the answer .
I was beginning to work in a research center for Energy .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about returning home .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
There were five of us .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss . He told me : " Go ahead ! , the project continues ! " .
I hung up the phone and I went out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
We only needed a water tank and the sun .
The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
The public authorities helped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energy without using toxic materials and mining resources from the Earth .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
However , Peter decided to turn down Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to do .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision . He decided to keep on doing his homework and project .
The next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she would remember it all her life .
In the near future , she would describe this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the alarm rang .
The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking of her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
At that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
She had been trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
They think that this group of people just has a better life and things go very well .
But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinema or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
I think they have no life at all .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
We are all free people and everyone deserves to have his own life .
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
I have had two previous jobs .
The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
My employers have never complained about my work .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant was closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mike Hennings
The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
I wish to express my dissatisfaction with this course .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not paint .
There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things did not depend on him .
He was not helpful and was unpolite .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
I would like to learn on this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would be luxurious but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full . I think that many people want to go to a luxurious hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of view of tourists to improve the hotel .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show , I was introduced to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
They can do nothing that ca n't be gossiped about .
They are not even allowed to have anything for their own .
Paparazzi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateur cooks how to make bread .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
I really like your review ! !
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Peter ,
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , but I would like to spend my time doing the right things .
Can you help me ?
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Send me some tourist information if you have some .
If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think about your family . Is it important to you ?
It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
However , lay people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport has always been a major problem .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
People have never taken into account that fact .
Another major problem is lack of recycling .
If people recycled , rubbish would be given a second use , and rubbish dumps would be shrunk .
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resources will be done .
Decorating with phrasal verbs
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She just felt it in her bones .
She always believed in such premonitions .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window was totally different .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today was her birthday .
Moreover , the next day her party would be held .
She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
When Anna got back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and Mark was sitting behind it .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance had come from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arrives .
Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
Car travel makes people feel free during the journey .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause an awkward situation .
You can travel alone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
She has always looked for perfection .
Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
People were very worried about her .
Doctors said she had become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I finally decided to sit the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
If I wanted to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
I have been learning English for the last six months .
I have studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I had many problems with English grammar .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
We met to study frequently .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
Finally , we are taking the FCE exam .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I just moved to a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not too big but still not too small .
I have already met many new kind people .
I think I will really like it here .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
The main attraction here is absolutely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue water .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden . See you soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called Coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Perhaps I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I laughed so much !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
With love from Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
about what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation of young people are more
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes trends change very quickly .
Television series
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
Now , young people like different kinds of music , I think
pop and disco music are something all young people like .
Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
clothes , not too hippy , but something comfortable .
Of course ,
it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
If it 's autumn and winter
time , then I suggest some other style . It has to be comfortable but
fashionable enough .
Maybe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
cold .
All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
give those people a good international festival .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
Cooking is part of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
Also , I am available to work for long hours at weekends .
It would be great if I could be selected for interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxing activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they can get more reflection as recreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain their goal -- relaxation .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the main objective of television is to entertain people and make their free time happier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should offer educative programmes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
Food passion !
I really like to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have something to celebrate , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
They have many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone goes to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
But it can also be really relaxing and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
But women also think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
It can be really frustrating .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do window shopping .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor families with little children .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I picked it up off the ground .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I had absolutely no idea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I talked about it with Mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know who sent this to me ? "
She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't typical of her .
So I did it .
I was sitting and waiting in the concert hall .
The seats next to me were still empty .
Then it happened .
In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I was absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
There she was , standing in front of me .
I thought I was dreaming at first .
What the hell was she doing here ?
How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I did .
Every method I 'd tried was useless .
He 'd put up walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Facebook page .
It was an engagement ring !
The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
Asking him was useless .
All the answer I could get was a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
" He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
" I found this in his office . "
Then she handed me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish . The quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
There are several reasons why television has inherited this reputation .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
Moreover , on television , there is a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before condemning it .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember that we always have the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are too exposed and they can not have a normal life .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a court .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserves to have a private life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to court .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
I would be so happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
Please let me know if you need anything extra while you are here .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luis
I did wrestling at college .
This was during my first year at college .
This sport is done in pairs .
It is done one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
It is done by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another way of admiring girls .
Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for the sport .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there is enough space for the spectators .
Before the contest starts .
Referee advises players about the rules of the game .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price for the visiting team .
This is a sport done by young people only .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a high school and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
A good illustration of this would be children .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the project engineer with Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power stations .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I hope you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
Construction will be improved .
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
I think that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
For one reason - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Apart from that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
His wound is healing well and is free from complications .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you could organize a home visit and provide further assistance for this family .
Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping facilities .
You will find all different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés in the market square .
In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Surprising stories that we will not ever imagine .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have ever experienced .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
Many times we pay more attention to other things . It can do it in many opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in cities .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
If everyone used public transport , climate change would not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help save the environment .
At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me . I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places for young people to have fun in Valencia , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
Activities around the city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situated by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
Other activities in the surroundings .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also the surroundings .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for public transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
We are always going to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
Now I will further develop our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Cohen 's knowledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city has only one airport .
First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
Then you should know that there will be two kinds of transport .
Taxi is the first possibility .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Also , you can use the bus .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it has been raining for four days .
So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25-metre - long heated pool .
As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they currently are .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
I do agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of them .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy shopping .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford them .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
In the long run , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , pick up my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure I have n't forgotten anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to get my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company . It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way . I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
The other evenings , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend . We go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friends and have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
They are really good !
To relax , I usually read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , besides watching TV ?
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Inês .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they knew he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
They could give a good life to their families and also have a dog called Winy . And all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which explain why agricultural lands become less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degraded .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
This was followed by deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
It may be explained by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In the first case , Europe had the highest percentage of land degraded by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This had a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at the intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisted .
We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recreational facilities .
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Cantonese people always spend their holidays with their children here .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
Some teenagers have the good fortune to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
On Sunday , the bus does n't work until 3 p.m.
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and you are probably not on time .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
You will spend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is getting angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
If a person wanted to travel from Kano to Lagos he had no choice but to trek .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
Now , there are many means of transportation .
Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks .
Just like a fish in the water
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world . I started it when I was five years old . I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word . I feel free .
Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggest buying all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
Her name was Sara .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
The pain of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
That girl who had left him in time of need .
That girl who had done nothing but harm to him .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
A dare to prove .
Courage can change lives .
He was isolated .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't isolated him , he had .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
He had distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
In the first place , she never left him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door to her .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blinded by rage .
All these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
He had made such a huge mistake .
No tears or apologies would make a less culprit .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
No one .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , pointless .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was going to meet them .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
When everybody had taken their photos , Emblem3 went backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it started .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I had already booked online .
On the day after , I went back home .
It was the best day of my life .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and am interested in the job .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens .
I can also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to set your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which encourages people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
But why ?
To make life easier . People always want to make their life better .
Why not ?
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
I think that the differences between homes now and homes in the future will be small .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
Home should be associated with family , happiness .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travel , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban areas .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked in a designated area .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling by car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
It will be a new kind of public transport .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
I started to play it when I was ten years old .
I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Playing squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn . I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
He had always been free .
Never had any serious relationship .
The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
It was love at first sight .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get off at the right stop .
The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fun .
Finally , he arrived .
He said hello to the girl , smiling .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
Secondly , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of public transport .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
You do n't have to tolerate being in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buying a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
Some public vehicles are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
I love children . I have already worked with them . It was a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
My level of English is very good . Today I 'm studying and working hard to improve .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
Yours faithfully ,
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
They are amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Can you imagine my reaction when he told me about it ?
Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
We were so excited when we went in .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
Where could be better ? !
After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I will never forget it .
My dad even took a photo of us with him .
I must say , he is much more handsome live than on the TV .
That 's all for now , but I will write more when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Give my regards to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who ca n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home . I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
Yours sincerely ,
I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
I 'm excited about seeing you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
It is just 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally , you will see a big red house with lots of windows .
You will not regret coming to Spain .
See you soon .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers questions .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
This is impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
Moreover , it allows you to study at your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to affirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can not find a bus .
In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
lower .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years , many new bins have been installed near all neighbourhoods .
There are four types of rubbish skip .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart from that , there are other containers focused on every type of object .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
These are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respecting the environment .
Conclusion
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they could recycle easily .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking has been my passion for ages .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go far because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can do nearly everything we want to .
And we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
In my opinion they wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
Not even in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
Hi Brother ,
I 've been thinking about what you said to me last week .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
She loves us and she always looks after us when Mum and Dad ca n't do it .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will make the final decision .
We can go by bus .
You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see you soon , Brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
And maybe the car is the most comfortable .
It is true that both have advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing . I know this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
When you make a long trip , you can travel without pressure .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travelling by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some disadvantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
I think driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching down .
I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the statement .
This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next year in Turkey
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
A very different morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that present for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should pick it up .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt quite nervous .
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , they were given 5 books about different subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed that all of the participants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to understand how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up , I would like to work with you , and I can promise you will not regret it . I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
I promise you will not regret coming , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
Have a good trip .
See you soon .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of course , unknown actors call for some attention .
In my opinion they are also people like we are . They have their own life ,
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opinion , each person , whether celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to attend several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
To achieve this , the council organises different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
If we were all aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
There are two opposing opinions about military service .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
Others consider that military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
First of all , there is absolutely no safety in the modern world .
There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Secondly , mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practises discipline .
Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts in the army .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
Finally , this is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for them to learn .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant used .
Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will increase .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit which makes our planet , Earth , polluted .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and coming back home .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
However , it is also likely that people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On the one hand , we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand , we have transport .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolve . For example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
Many people think living in the countryside provides a better way of life .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
Would we live better without technology ?
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
On the other hand , technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
There should be a future for public transport .
It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
We are damaging our planet .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to be greatly improved , too .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
I am sure you have .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Simply , come and watch .
' Gravity ' is an outstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon , one of them is informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris which is heading for the Shuttle where the two astronauts are .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
All of the crew but two are killed .
To survive , the astronauts have to get to the International Space Station , which is very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so , the astronaut launches the escape pod and gets home !
Her struggle for survival turns out to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
Meanwhile , the urban council strongly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
We will become robots , no longer people !
Hello Harry ,
Everything is going great !
What about you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
You asked me what time I would arrive .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
Then what about my appearance ?
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
Maybe I should bring her something from here ?
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Or maybe she wants something else ?
Ask her . )
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Looking forward to meeting you and your family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
Kind regards ,
Francois
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thrillers .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability to recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
People , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
But for Michael , she was his world .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
It was unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she was a Southerner .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city for further study .
He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
Poor Mimi !
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
She could have got married to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everything was fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she felt very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
The more excited she was , the more disappointment she had . Mimi caught sight of her lover kissing another young girl in his room .
She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
This is the main reason why our environment is being destroyed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
If I were you , I would try a trial period for a month .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful . Good luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving on 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train to reach Brighton ?
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
So , could you tell me which is the best way to reach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listening and spoken English .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber continued enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal was free .
Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As they support each other through their hardships , love grows .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is harder to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are parts of real life .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people can always find distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
It is possible to find many examples which confirm that argument .
In these times , we can follow somebody 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Facebook fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
However , people have exploited nature since the last century .
Their activities had lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries have become aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to affect the environment in a negative way .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal ones .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
Unfortunately , we can not prevent natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
A good leader must form a society , set an example and provide better values for people .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environmental problems .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and saving energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve our ecological situation a little .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede the further progress of our civilization .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions . I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us . We are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teaches us a lot !
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and they often park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
Underground car parks are built in many towns , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
The use and misuse of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book are like a dream .
The fairies control nearly everything .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talks in prose .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass , adds more humour to the already self - confident character of Bottom .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
Oberon 's magic is mainly used to help people .
As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much . Nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own needs .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of these two words sounds like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When his love he doth espy ,
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and making us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example , when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
She refers to the moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion creates magic .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book would not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
You will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
You can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures and papyrus there .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Nowadays , most schools and universities help students to find their most suitable jobs .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experienced recently .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but also because of the experience that it could bring them .
Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
My favourite sport is Badminton because you can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
The mode of playing can be singles or doubles .
There are six main shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player needs to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear that you finally managed to open your restaurant .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could easily go to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
Looking for a job in Vietnam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College Theatre
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar have been to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
So , which one of these two places would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable time .
In the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented rises .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
More things that could be done
The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus . I love it .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
The desserts are delicious and original .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
The waiters are really helpful .
They are always happy to describe the different dishes and recommend well .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage : you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you wanted to come to celebrate the end of the year .
Also , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Not sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
Take me as an example . I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I will see improvement .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
Help and putting into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Reading things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I do it every day at school .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To do this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teach you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it , you can do it .
Karen
Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars actually have many advantages .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
Dear Mr
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people about the television programmes that are watched currently .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV over reading a book as first option .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
It is said that you are that you wear , but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints ; they are trying to encourage public transport .
This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
I think education is one of the most important things for everyone .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain , the vast majority of schools are state schools .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I got a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour in the world .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to another people use different means .
There are a variety of transport means .
Some are private and some are public .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
whereas the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions regarding the Club 's new facilities .
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
I believe that should be borne in mind when the new facilities are built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
However , the advantages outweigh the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I was having a hard time at university .
In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you around my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
To whom it may concern
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than tell you that I always wanted to work with children ,
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
Yours faithfully ,
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sitting in your house and watching them .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below .
The good points of the club are as below :
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
The bad points of the club are as below :
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of the changing room is too low
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
yours faithfully ,
BTLee
The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The other characters that also play an important part in the movie are the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl Lidya , who also hides a lot of secrets .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
You will have a great time .
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
And people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
Exhaust fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to catch the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
However , a lot of people are becoming more and more conscientious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisely to take care of the environment .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhaust fumes .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
Dear Paul ,
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I really liked working with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that technology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around for years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice way of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
We have a great time .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It makes my day more productive .
When it 's good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , cycling is the best way of traveling .
It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
If your figure is nice , you will have a good mood , wonderful feelings .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tables and beds , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason being the use of renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
I also appreciate that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charge , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area into certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increase the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful to have a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
Good jogging ! !
Among young people there is a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not have money , prices can only ruin your day because you know that you can not afford it .
The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me , it is just a torture .
Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happens rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to try on clothes , for example .
For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
The diagrams illustrate the process of making bank notes .
The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets have to be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheets of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes is good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
Dear Sir / Madam
My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have worked in out - of - school activities before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
I would like to work with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully ,
Elvira
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and whatever you want .
You can watch international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past would have been too good to be true .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
They keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I must inform you that I was dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting places in our town .
There are a lot outstanding views and places worth visiting but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from the 11th to the 20th century .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something to suit them .
The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from the museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
Be confident
When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Thai is a complete sport . You use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to make a big effort .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score .
At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I believe my work experience can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
You wo n't regret choosing me to attend your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curricular activities in the school .
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
It was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
Michael had a very good old friend who had been with him in his good times and worse .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest friend . "
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Provided that renewable sources are developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
And there could also be robots . Why not ?
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
Medicine should have beaten a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way ; on the other hand , we could think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you might think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
The members of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist plays this role .
We must pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
It 's a way to deal with the external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There you can cure your sick heart .
Your parents always support and defend you . They are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now , all had been normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Microsoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he wanted .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother has been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
Sounds perfect to me !
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and watch a movie . That 's great for me !
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't bring me to your home on Friday evening because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities are emerging rapidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the environment are severely various .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there is cut off and environmental variations are gone away .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather occurs with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimal areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
In the end , we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The atmosphere is friendly and familiar .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
There is also a garden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
There are many kinds of cafes , ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can hear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to go to the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter for discussion .
Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the former , because if you 're lucky , you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
In comparison with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crashes .
So , why are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
What about looking for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
We match clothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearances should not have consequences in our lives .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that plays a part in our day - to - day lives .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they wear the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
The death of public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She woke up and at once she felt something was making her happy .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered who could have made such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
Anna opened it and read : " This day will probably be the best day of your life " .
She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she could run to the park .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
When she got closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was shocked .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends at the same school and also neighbors .
One afternoon , they were on the way home .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
And he found out that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
I find myself not in agreement with such an idea .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
That is why it should not be the key point that is considered the key to success .
In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interested in .
Thus , everyone can be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcast recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
To put it simply , the things that school teaches us are no longer used in the real world .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
Although they have less experience , they recognize what a child wants to do .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to his / her parents .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had faith this day would be better than the others .
He had n't recovered yet from the last scare he had that day .
He sat on his chair and looked out of the window .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
He was shaking .
He shook his head and looked at the ceiling .
He started to do his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't . "
He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
The same face as always .
When he looked down , he saw something on the floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You are impolite .
You are late for your death date "
Everybody has got some ideas about how to live their own life .
It is very important to think about possibilities that could create your fortune .
There are two things that most influence my life .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
That is why I teach my children to play fair .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in the world .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
To overcome that , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverages decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words are key to restricting their kids ' actions .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effects of living without soft drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! "
In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual friendships prevailing today .
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
In which we had to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that can be exchanged these days with one button press .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other on everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
No future for public transport ?
Can use of your own car instead of public transport save you money , time and effort ?
Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
However , the latest studies show a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport has a big impact on your time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
The popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies say there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
A great number of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
If you travelled by bus or train , you would probably spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Despite the bad weather , if you travelled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the needs of the people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really socialize with children .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
My advice for people that are going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team . Then it 's more fun .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Of course , you might be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And finally , it is really fun to play .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
Sport centre
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
This building is near the football pitch and basketball court .
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , it is easier for parents .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends never started
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
I have known my best friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary quiet village .
We spent a huge amount of time together .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I need something .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
Travelling by train is not an option for me .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last wedding anniversary .
This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time learning another language .
There might be many reasons : for school , business , or just for private interest .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
You might spend time and money learning a language .
I want to learn English , and I go to college twice a week .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
Young people should have an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm very happy to hear your news !
If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque . It is a building where Catholic and Arabic elements are mixed .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
Well , it 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately ran through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push the door that led to the front of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
The door opened .
Then he saw the driver was lying dead in his chair .
He had been shot in the head .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
The train finally stopped .
That day he became a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he met the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I played basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also kept me in good shape .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I will permit everybody to explain his point of view .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full details about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
For example , making life better and more comfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
To conclude , there are some important research principles .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
Researchers experience their research as an enjoyable activity .
There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
First , I can travel in my own car whenever and wherever I want .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
Maybe the bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for half an hour .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
Therefore , I think public transport will disappear in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard that they were coming to Katowice !
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
She said that they would need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
That was such a good idea !
Not only was I close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
We had so much fun !
They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
In the spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
I felt like that was partly my doing .
I was part of the team .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
On this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
I have got to sign off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , you 'll be able to visit the site .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses next time we see each other .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old - fashioned cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
Even though it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is quite a tall structure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover its beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence of my excellent English skills .
I like to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , I both improve my English and relax .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
I work in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Yours faithfully
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
Many people consider them indispensable .
Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion , computers are very useful to all of us .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
But first , he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
He would make a name for himself by working hard , and his family would be proud .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing a room at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
We live in the century of speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Do I think that public transport will disappear in the future ?
Yes I do .
One of the reasons is time .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy a personal car .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
But , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help others .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
I thought she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can help out other people .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
How are you ? I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are able to pollute the planet less .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar panels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life . Undoubtedly , there will be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes . I ca n't wait to experience it .
I do several sports , but my favourite is football .
I play football twice a week at least .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you should run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you might hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you will be prepared to play football .
The equipment is very important too .
So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
There are a lot of opportunities .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
So play football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ?
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I have to earn money if I want to stay there for half a year !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I definitely ca n't get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I had n't heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
These are my answers to your questions .
My class visits museums once a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system in Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible and all students learn the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
I loved climbing from the word go .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
Some days we go on a long trip too .
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her brother , Luke .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agency .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
He tries to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shoots him dead .
I will not tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for you .
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
It is a work of art indeed .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really want to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know , I was really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It was so exciting and funny listening to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
In the end , all went fatastically .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rarely do we see bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on buses .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages ; French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
One of my characteristics is that I 'm a very precise person . For example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , ends well .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship with the horse you ride .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
Many people think it 's not really a sport .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over those obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this is not everything .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
There are so many kinds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertised in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper causes more problems , such as pollution .
For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus to school .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
To sum up , if you follow my advice , you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
There are plenty of ways to make new friends .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to make new friends .
But are they real ones ?
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is meeting them ; having a coffee , a drink or whatever .
Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
Go somewhere !
And meet new people !
Money : essential for youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , most British students are finishing secondary school .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for college or to embark on their professional career .
Family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this younger generation .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holidays were here !
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
I had to wait in the airport !
When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
I slept all the afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had the typical " family day " . I ate with all my family in our cottage .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestiño " .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
I almost ate it all !
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
Finally , the day to come to England had arrived .
On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
See you soon Spain !
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
Travelling by car is so much more convenient if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
Besides these , public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to know where the camps will be exactly because I need to book the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading throughout mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses on the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
Those kinds of stimuli come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
Those kinds of things help the brain to be more active and process information faster .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
This is another big reason to care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
Thirdly , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
There are many good movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Not only in their individual roles , but also in the scenes they did together .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that , there was tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding . I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , both the acting and the storyline are really impressive .
You will be watching with full interest .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
Dearest Renee ,
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , they were not .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
These actors paid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they made !
One more interesting fact is that both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Special dramatic effects were added on stage .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragedies .
The play lover King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed its name to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
I hope you love them too !
Write soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
But does everyone think in that way ?
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly , the purchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
Many people claim that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they are not worth it .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes has an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help with expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew them too .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
However , in most cases , people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
It 's what 's inside that counts .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where the treehouse was .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door open .
He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
He went into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he would never ever tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS when travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupied by housing and other residential buildings .
This will cause some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the standard of living .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious problem .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
For governments , restrictions on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided for those animals , like birds .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today . It is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
This could be the greatest experience of your life . Do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
Another way to help is to save electricity , and while doing that , save money too .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives are lengthened .
I also recycle my old paper , such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I recently passed my First Certificate in English and I speak Spanish fluently , too .
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
Yours faithfully .
Save yourself
Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
It will be very good for us , for the animals and for all the plants .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
It will save lots of plants and animals . It will save the environment , so it will save you and me .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a feeling that her birthday would n't be ordinary .
For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexpected .
There was a big surprise party in the forest .
First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
She heard music and that is how the party started .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna would never forget it !
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that has to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
This study project will be developed by studying :
-Danish and European historical documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Ever since a curse was put upon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
A life being unseen to human eyes .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to humans tough .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel terrible pain .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" Fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to find love when you are invisible ?
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
The movie was stoning . Some of the plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada ,
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
Would I be brave , determined ?
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroine of one of the enormous heroic stories .
What would I do for my country ?
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxious to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a weird noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening . As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Max did n't know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he had seen .
The guide decided to go with Max to see the puma for himself .
When they got to the location , the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
Once the wildlife protection had been able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max could not have been happier . "
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic called Ocean .
It was about life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
My husband and I appreciate very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for improving our condition .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming pool ?
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a widescreen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My recommendation : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
If you ever need more of these proposals , you can ask us !
Kind regards ,
Dear Mr Smith ,
I read your advertisement on your internet Website .
I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves surfing the net .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
She was a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Syria .
They began to plan some adventures together .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
She said it was a present for her aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Michael went to get the case .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered the office where they check the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to the next room to speak with him .
They entered .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , in the north of Italy .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I used to take care of them when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experience .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
For sure , technology will play the main role in every home .
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
Homes in general will be more airy .
The decor will be simpler and more modern .
The dominant colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
The materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
We 'll see with our own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
This film is set in England .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
The three fairies lead a prince , Philp , to the castle because he has to give the kiss of true love .
After that Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad and she makes apologies and she kisses Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Learning has no end . We spend all of our lives learning from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means studying in schools , universities , etc .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
This composition is about a famous person from my country .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I chose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourists because of him .
This has led to many black Americans visiting the Gambia for investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
He was refused food but he kept going with his strike .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English .
He attended the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolition of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport used by people . For example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic jams .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people use the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
We will not have to worry about where to find a parking space for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job at the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it off .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Application .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
That is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lose weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Do n't run too much and too quickly !
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes . As an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
To come to the point .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons . Firstly , it offers a traditional menu which will be sure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dinner .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACU came as a surprise to me .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Participation in class by asking and answering questions demands more active thinking from us .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have the faintest idea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground the size of a volleyball court .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
The rules of engagement are quite simple .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
One might wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which gives high rank to bravery .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
Not exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films . It has always done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 has been reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collections from its budget .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
My apologies for any frustration you may have .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that does not stain .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
Kitchens will be different too .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
The answer to this question depends on where you live .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
The idea of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and to begin writing it .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
I have hated writing since school .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
Good
She : I decided my blog would be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
Let 's get started !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
If you could give me a chance to work with you and your organization , it would be a great pleasure for me .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No one can tell what it will be like .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
People will start purchasing all items from the Internet .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
I hope I will see such a future .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
I believe that public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
That 's why I prefer travelling by car instead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and studies .
Maybe you can give some general information about your last job .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I hope to have said everything .
When you get here , send me a text .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
Recently I saw " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
This film is about the kidnapping of two little girls .
Everyone in the village tries to find the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation makes him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it holds your attention all the time .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the right one .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people will enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about ourselves that we did n't know .
On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were hoping for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
My favourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
I play skat .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
There are so many options for which card to lay and which colour is trump .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
I also teach children at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband and I play in two clubs .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Many factors result in this phenomenon .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people found Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
Once more unto the breach ! ) .
But everything changed quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original was published in 1828 .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
On Saturday morning , I had to work and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have lunch with his friends .
I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
This took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what the problem was .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
We will go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chille chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important inventions of this last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely ,
Iñigo .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom it may concern ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you require any further information .
Yours faithfully
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I would like to attain the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
Music is a science ! Yes it is .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
Because the people tend to make them from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many . However , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care of you and your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
They have a lot of money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accommodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I hope you have a great day ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
Yours sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what life would be like in our time .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
I am only sure about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that will solve all our problems .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore the universe more and we will colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing this we will be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to do her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Even if people do n't use public transport nowadays , in the future they will .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
I was really excited about it .
It was a very good and useful experience .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing the event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myself because everyone had something to do on their own .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
See you soon ,
Rasa
I have lived in Kiev for two years .
I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
To start with , you must decide what kind of shopping you prefer and how much money you have .
If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
You can also find many shops with branded , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save money .
In conclusion , I have to say that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
Most people in this world ca n't live without technology .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it has become more common in recent years .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which can release our stress immediately .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
It lowers our blood pressure and releases our stress .
Technology enables us to access entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
Science practically improves our lives .
Have you read any sports magazines before ?
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
People can enjoy just watching the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
Here are 2 reasons .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
I can give you another example .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
Other players just stand there and watch the game just like us .
However , in soccer , every single player touches the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on the same ground and some people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we say these players participated in the game ?
I would not say so .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Soccer could be one of the boring sports to other people .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in the living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off fireworks .
Anna did n't understand what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
Then she and her friends went out and walked through all the town until early morning .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy for her .
Their girl had grown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In the Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
You can go there just for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
Here there are also many nice castles .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
These are very nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I do n't know what else to write .
If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I have experience of taking care of children .
I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which includes cooking for them .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
I cook different healthy dishes every day for the whole family and they love it .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaiting your response .
Melina .
My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was an error message both times .
So I gave up to try it again today .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am waiting for some instructions about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
Many people today have pets of all kinds .
Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercise outside and not to be always in an apartment .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seem good to have a pet if we take care of it .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
I think some of you have already heard this news .
Here is some basic information about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
Thank you for your attention .
Grammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
It'll make you learn faster .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on tap and you will not be disappointed !
Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Saving energy is the other important method available to everyone .
Using respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries are responsible for .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothes is popular in Japan .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
In the Edo period , there was a society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
People did this without special efforts .
It was done very naturally in their lives .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
In 1723 , there were 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
Kimono has a very simple structure .
It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on clothes .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continue to develop .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
I never minded what kind of film I could see .
Only the place was important .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
My likes regarding films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have got used to going to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema were cheap .
It 's a pity
I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not manage to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
Second , shopping malls have places full of advertisements and loud songs playing .
It is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
What happens ?
He hears different kinds of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriately .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi Jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved . I haven't got round to finding time to spend with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you , I would join the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
What about Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neighborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Sebastian
Football
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person . That 's it .
Both characteristics will help you in other types of tasks and will improve your future development .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You will notice how the improvements come without thinking too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it . I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all . As a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrote the quantity of words required .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
I did my best and I succeeded in getting a 5.0 .
Nevertheless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are going to start doing it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
It is like you are isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
What will our life be like in the future ?
To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
Although cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
The streets will be full of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping may cause frustration , mainly when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
Also , overspending .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Nevertheless , people try to save money by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth ,
it is time to intervene and take action .
Governments can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
My name is Stela . I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking after my children too .
My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
I would love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoy going on camps with friends and family .
It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor for an international student magazine .
He held a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
The message was posted on the website .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing was boring and getting 1 dollar was small .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
Finally , they copied my article for this competition .
They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
People at the restaurant are very kind , they treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something can save money for university and they become more independent .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply in your future career .
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positive effects with it .
First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
The rising number of deadly car accidents raise an important question for all of us .
Is car driving really safe ?
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self - driving cars may be something only for rich people in the near future .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
You can learn various interesting such as painting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework professionals .
I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I was able to make a lot of friends .
You should n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the prices are reasonable .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
to : Miss Analia
from : Candela Bergamaschi
subject : the transport in my local area
date : 24th June
introduction :
As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
My findings are presented below .
Buses :
Buses are the main transport in my area .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
Cars :
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
Another option :
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
Conclusion
I believe that there should be more buses for the convenience of people .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be played .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Anybody can play football .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the special equipment but it could help .
They also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
So it might cause some injuries .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such motivation to go out and do something .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , I do n't only do sports in summer , because in winter I also do fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
Why do I enjoy running ?
I do not have a quick answer , but I can offer some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
Second , running is simple .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
Famous people need love , family , entertainment and support .
Sometimes , they are happy ; sometimes , they are sad .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
Society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicles , known as cars .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully developed in technology .
Imagine the future . Will public transport still be used ?
Will it change our society ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
By helping our society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern building .
The clients benefit from professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
However , there are no showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
You could lower the prices a little bit .
That way , everybody could benefit from your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hope that my report helped you and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
The writer manages to get all your attention .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop reading it .
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have interesting lyrics .
People might think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thought it would be good to be distracted for a while .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
" So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
" Actually , I am still working on it !
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
" , he said .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! " , Luck said .
When Peter heard that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information for inspection .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they were going to reproduce many of them .
They were very happy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
John drew a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off them .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
I am addicted to padel !
Dear Sir ,
This letter is in regard to the summer camp job advertised in the newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to being a part of the team .
Faithfully ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
In big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank you for writing . I was worried about you .
Firstly , it is such good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things . What and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
I really want to visit you .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will come to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transport is the bus .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling long distances .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
I think Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
Guys should not go snowboarding .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to hear from you .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scrambled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner includes two courses .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Supper always comprises sandwiches .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yoghurt .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I hope this will help you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I studied English at school .
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly every institution will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
But , is it really that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
You have to take a test and they will give you a rating for it .
While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
Firstly , because they gain independence by doing that .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any problems .
For instance , there is no need to change buses .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is leaving .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recent years .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
For example , there is no parking space required .
Sitting on the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travelling for all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
However , it will remain in the future , as many people still use it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
Rubbish and pollution
Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
And there is a big university community involved in recycling .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
There are good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
The most interesting place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
When you get to the highest tower , you will see the most breathtaking view .
It is a place where you can always find lots of tourists and foreigners .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and entertainments .
For example , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are you available ?
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline . She had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked along the promenade .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'm going to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I like both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't enjoy melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
She did not even want to talk to him after that situation happened .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of the situation .
She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
She could not even yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need the help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , currency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panoramas .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend a lot of time searching for it .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , seeing the great architectural monuments
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Yours sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
I have an example .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
They can quickly feed his baby .
That is helpful for children and parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly . These are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
Sports and sleep
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetables
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-drink alcohol excessively
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to make a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you would like me to introduce myself .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Lucía Orellana
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
The study results showed that people who use transportation .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded for a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Max ,
How are you ? I 'm fine .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot days .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snacks between meals .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
I recommend you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It contains a little museum which is open for tours .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glasses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our dinner at the end of the course , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions , and they suggest that the servings can be shared , so everybody can try more items from the menu .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
Time travel !
We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
That is the key !
We need to slow down time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see those breaks in time .
Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
He must n't forget a word of it !
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
As a result of this , many people are trying new options , like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was her birthday .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She was sure that everyone would remember about the celebration and have a gift for her .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with birthday wishes .
She went to school very disappointed .
The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and drought in Africa .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school wo n't get a better life and their dreams will never come true .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
He suggested building the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
Tom arrived home very late .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will be my autumn holidays .
I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
There are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bears , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
I did agility with my dog .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
She 's very small !
She measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson did not go very well ; she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
It was perfect . She jumped sixty centimeters .
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
The Alhambra gives you this opportunity !
In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with great weather , you can visit the palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orchestras in an unrivalled setting .
You must n't miss it !
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
At the beginning , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
After that , the printing process comes into play .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
The flow chart shows six main steps in the process of making bank notes .
Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you need bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Next , make sure the metal plates work well .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The most significant part of the
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
manually inspected by officers .
It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Finally , all of
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Overview . It is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time limitations .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change buses .
There is the risk that you will not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Many people use their car alone .
Most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
So they could share their cars with other people .
There are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
Such research will indeed fail .
Educational institutions should dissuade students .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
Once , people thought he would not succeed .
Even though the research can not really succeed .
Students can learn some things from the process of the research .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do " ,
said Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school you learned the three essential things for living ; reproduction , nutrition and interaction ?
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
I would love to if I am free .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
Let me know when you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the exam period .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility for my own learning .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more organized person .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
If you want to start practising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with other players .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
Some of the information was collected from the shops , and from the web .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
I was stunned by her words and became speechless for a moment .
Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with force .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
I said that I would accompany her .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
Dear James
Let me introduce myself . I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infrastructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been carefully reading all your letters .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your latest book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fields .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I struggle to make ends meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
There are also many historical buildings in my country .
You can see how the buildings were built in the olden days there .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to seeing you in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Films do not occupy a great deal of my spare time .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Sincerely , I find it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
They take part in a competition riding horses .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
The historical context is recreated in the film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
And for me , that 's total nonsense .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
We can change . We have to change for a better future .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my country and I am also extremely flattered .
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
My favourite places to visit are in the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castles , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this country is known for , and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
It once was just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
They are quite big and a lot of important artists come .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
Andreea
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study at BSC in Oxford again .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
The thing that worries me most is getting used to the English weather !
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
Welcome tourists ,
This is a guide for you . I hope it will help you a little .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was published in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing any kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivate them to give the best of themselves .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second language is English .
Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
public transport will hardly be replaced by travelling by car .
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
Secondly , the infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport and possible improvement .
Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
The most used public transport is the bus .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
However , buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Children often use them to go to school and back , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded and in desperate need of repair .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra fees and different zones .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the construction of a Metro in our town .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
It 's great that your college friends want to visit South Bohemia .
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting to them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
They can climb the " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about going shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is very convenient for tourists because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they should definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle located on the big rock .
They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
You can take a bus there .
I hope your friends will be satisfied with my tips .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of public transport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards filled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Secondly , taking into account that long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
Delicious !
the great variety of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes are served with careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a very agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The most historical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spain , where the weather is warm .
Cáceres is visited by many tourists every year .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries here .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conquered by the Romans .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multiracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square . There are mixed Arabs and Roman buildings , and two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain in these streets .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chinese .
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
In fact , studies show that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults are linked to alcohol .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts on different aspects of daily life .
People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China using some examples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centres .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village in Italy and it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
You should speak accurately and also fluently .
I can speak three languages .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
I 'm an au pair .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is . For this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
You can understand the guide , the signs ...
you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
The lessons that scholars at that time received , most of them were about his ideology .
Apart from that , they learned mostly about literature and poetry .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for luck .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
I do a lot of sports , for example , cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have been doing this sport with my grandfather since 1995 .
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you do sport .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think about your life .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recommending this type of sport .
You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The first reason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji is changed to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
There are so many people who come here .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful views , such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
In addition , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath with a nice view .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing for people .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
Story
The doorbell ran .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
My parents have both been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Also , I love spending time with children .
For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
My grandmother used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
Please contact me if you need any more information about me .
Yours faithfully
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romania .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be too nervous in front of the teachers .
The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
She said she would join me for the exam .
In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I hope to come back happier .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There is a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campaigns twice a year .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how our village is kept attractive .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments were cleaned and repainted .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our village .
Yours faithfully ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city clean .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest accomplishes the task very well .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separately .
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody who lives in Budapest has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
Another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
In spite of the number of cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life , I am trying to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
What a smell !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
We still use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
There are no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
I have further professional and personal references .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
These factors will be explained on another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable and not .
In order for enjoyment to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable to own one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
Have you ever been in trouble which type of transport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must go a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
It makes my every journey unpleasant and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the safest and often the cheapest way to travel .
We can take a trip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I had never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I would do this job very well .
Another reason I am applying for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
The new technologies are something that we can not live without anymore .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born in the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
The technological devices help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
The Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
The workers are very kind and sympathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
Disadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time there .
Recommendations
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
Nowadays , they are modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to famous people .
As the English say : better the devil you know .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - esteem .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and young people .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students are taught by highly qualified staff .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take an entrance examination .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse to attend some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
The number of homeless people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without shelter .
First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
They live in tents that do not protect them from cold weather or dangerous insects .
They do not have enough food .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live and they will become homeless people .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second false start you 'll be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
Well , maybe it 's for the best - less pressure .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnows grounded by chance .
I must look like them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive is going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things breaking out .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , die out .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be set up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most people would say that running is just the most boring sport ever .
They would only do it if they had to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to set your mind free and to think about nothing .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your veins .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Running will always be my favorite sport !
Dear camp director ,
I think I could be the right person for this job . I 'm really patient and I really love to be with kids , play with them and take care of them . I always have fun with them .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
I hope you consider me for this job .
Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara ,
What great news !
I am very keen on computer games too .
What game are you playing ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I have been playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it makes you think too .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport is slalom .
Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
To ski well you need to push your body forward .
It should be a strait line through your toes , knees and shoulders .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle are your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
When you start training in course you need to think about where you turn .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
The best thing about this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiences
In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to say the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He never left me alone .
He also cooks tasty meals and gives me them .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
Many people think that you need a lot of money to be happy .
My opinion is that only a minimum of money is necessary .
This should be enough to make you feel happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It starts with your work life .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
The duration of the gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - like .
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale faces .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
Also , they have deadpan expressions .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
However , people blink several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
The reason is that TV viewers are watching them simultaneously .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Finally , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She began to study at a prestigious University .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
They assured Anna that she would be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
The first step was taken .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
It is a majestic castle conveniently located on the river .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see place , while visiting Poland .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
I hope you will describe your impressions of the city after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
I think it is time we started adopting environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be found by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
During the lesson I was very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
Students log in the website
The teacher asks if there are any problems
Students do the test
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The teacher asks the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes by the seashore .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
In addition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
The room was full of things that day .
Michael came back from school after a tedious day .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
Michael thought .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden , they saw the console was near a tree .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
Next , it will come to the most important step , inspection .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have you been ?
I hope the charity event you organised with your school was successful .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as well .
Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earnt to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Hope you liked my idea and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would be additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read peacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my desk chair , not very far from the window .
Oh
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As far as television is concerned , well , to be honest , I haven't watched much TV for years .
So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is to put on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
I sincerely doubt that I would paint the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they were made from .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
I 'm a friend to him rather than a strict mother .
He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy , as I had always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make the right choice ?
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
It turned out to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
Efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , because it is useful not just to gain some theoretical aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may think that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
I was just selling tickets .
But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
I was there with my friend .
When we arrived , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there appeared thousands of people .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it ?
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This picture illustrates the process of producing bank notes .
The first step is to design the appearance of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The next step is the most important and it involves inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
I do not agree with that at all .
No future for public transport ?
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
Greenhouse gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as world citizens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is causing diseases and allergies that are affecting the citizens .
That is why many cities have closed their centres to private cars and only allow public transport .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
Some of these have the same aims .
Using public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
In recent years , public transport has become really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
So , as a member living on our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
However , it probably wo n't be invented after all .
Is there no future for public transport ?
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It is important when we work or study in international areas .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
First , I would like to write about benefits .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their lives .
It can have an influence on their work .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
It can be a benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course , it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think that there are not many disadvantages of learning another language .
One of them could be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be really interrupting if it continues for a long time .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Cambridge 's exams .
Thank you for your attention .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
The Online visiting is a good point in this case .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choosing to use the online museum .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket for the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
That sounds a little bit like the name of any sci - fi or horror .
But why ?
Will our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
Will they fly in the sky ?
Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
But do n't panic . Let 's think rationally .
Technology will control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , we will spend our free time with technology .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Machines can tell us lots of important information .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it could come true .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
I hope it will never happen .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course I should take .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements :
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concerned , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not , please let me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Summer camp is all about providing fun activities in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
Creating fun activities is an important role of summer camp workers .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , the kids enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids enjoyed a multi - dance program that had different international dances .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but it is always crowded .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
My favourite dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
So I always recommend going .
Yes .
We can get a lot of up - to - date information around the world through watching television .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV tells us what is happening in the world .
Health channels give ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
We can make good use of time with TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educator and I have been working with children for five years .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your cuisine because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
I always work with a lot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete the information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
I 'm so happy you have almost finished school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , meet new people and learn all about our
culture .
It would be incredible if you started your trip in Cartagena , which is a Caribbean and tropical city .
It is so warm
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking in the old city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
After that , you should go to Medellín . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have you here .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
Then , we can go out for a party night in the west of the city .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you stay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
Yet , for me , public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduces the car congestion problems .
Since public transport decreases the number of people
going to work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
Therefore , public transport is the best option for me .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
Nevertheless , it causes a lot of problems and pollution .
For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
He competed in a local motorcycle race and won the $ 5000 cash prize .
He did his best in this race .
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
He went to a coffee shop .
There he saw an old man who asked him for help .
The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
The old man answered $ 20,000 .
Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show ?
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
The old man became very excited and happy .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with financial difficulties .
Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
The first question is where our homes will be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply giving us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It became a mass killer and made people homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
However , it made the situation worse .
After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
While I was flicking through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
She never just shuts one door , but she also opens another one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
It is hard for people living in devastating surroundings .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people along the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
The fans shout , they even cry together .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe that games can not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
During my tenure at the University of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
Last month , I did an internship at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
The marketing department also gave me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to arrange an interview time .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
Will people 's lives change again ?
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
People from almost all over the world attend to participate in it .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
However , modern music is not always acceptable to different people .
Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can notice the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music in almost every country .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativity or perfection of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
She was very focused on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like courts or government .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
She became really popular in school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has good weather all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe National Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and discover these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
And many more .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
It was about what problems we are going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to polluting our environment .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian and 30 years old .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
In particular , I have been dealing with children with disabilities for 10 years .
This experience has been an eye - opener for me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
It was impressive to see the strength shown by those children .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers , we also helped the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe for Italian pizza .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
Thank you in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
Marco Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ELSE
WHY TENNIS ?
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination is required to be a good player .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis right now !
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was stuck .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
It 's a great show , by the way .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And , of course , you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
I would like to make new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
I can share my knowledge of Finland and other countries .
I would like to help people in the best way I can .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and languages and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
Conclusions
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
It contains about 60 shops .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfect place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
Especially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the perfect way to spend your day .
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours sincerely ,
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
These panels are used to harness the light of the sun to produce electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected Italian culture and history a lot . In fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for trade and commerce .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you again !
In your letter you asked me for advice .
So , I think that both hobbies have their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lag if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They were to fly next Monday and come back next Sunday .
Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna is still missing .
Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
It 's only for your safety .
People travel less on public transport these days .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
Hence , private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be driven very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
Because public transport has a fixed timetable .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the travel time .
In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicated in the form of digital data .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of this unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For example , saving the endangered wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
The top 50 richest in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
However , you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the north and in the south of the country .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking for an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
My statement to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
After my graduation ,
I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
In 2000 ,
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not give up .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to help the freshman translators in the Ministry to further their career under my supervision by coaching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
I can recommend you visit the library .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancakes .
If I were you I would order the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
You can also go to a club .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
So if you go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shine into the darkness .
Not far from the town lies the zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte were both Victorian writers .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
However , others disagree with this .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy to others .
Also , people can have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others laugh .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
For example , my friend , Jane , tells lots of jokes to make us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things related to our work .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my nephew did not get a great score in his test .
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
My nephew had courage after his mother talked to him .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring people happiness .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
In addition , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
Importance of outdoor games
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
For this , they must lead a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play , like cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play them regularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful and I rarely lose my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result , I am also organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
I will make summer camp a much better place to be !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attractions .
It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , taking only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people . Many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
There are some reasons for this situation .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
If , in the past , they just held weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
It lets people know that they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Obviously , expensive and larger weddings have some benefits .
It is a special chance to bring people together .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Those who lose contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
However , there are also some drawbacks it brings about .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way . We had not been paying attention to our path . The only thing we could do was to go back .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
To whom it may concern ,
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons stated above .
Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
There was not a chance to befriend them , I thought .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
That evening was so delightful !
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Do you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a mere spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the ticket sales .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could see the show from my station but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will surely have a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain shows that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to doing exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is more convenient overall .
What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied . For young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
You keep doing sport but at another time .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
See you soon !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
This is life .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will learn is never give up .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
