Would you be interested in this job ?
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
We like watching TV series and cooking different desserts , too .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
Buses are simpler - you just buy a ticket .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
I am writing to complain about a package I received on Monday last week .
In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you will start to see it with different eyes .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is reasonable .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their living .
TV has many benefits :
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a suitable one .
I felt happy today , although Winnie hurt herself .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
But , technology is here for better or worse , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
Fewer channels means fewer choices .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
Besides , it can be fun and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
Now some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to playing with girls . I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it is part of my life .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
However , people should think about the great advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very convenient and good for the environment .
The more people you meet , the easier it will become for you to find a friend .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
Also , they make us cleverer .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
In my case , I had to translate a large amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflective way too .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
I was really excited !
The Odeon cinema offers a wide choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable .
Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst athletes , many more are just as interesting and beneficial .
I am flexible , a good team player , and able to work under pressure .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
I went to dinner with 6 friends in order to have fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quiet sea .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy private cars .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
In the last half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a great detriment to our youth in particular .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far greater than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be fewer couples .
BSE is a disease in cows that affects their brain and spinal tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressed , and kids are being more neglected .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medical chemistry .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
