Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
The next few days I did n't do much .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
Cricket is better for our health than other games .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
so the government must take action to make it easier .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
I had a lot of friends ; too many friends .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
Everyone in the world has a goal .
In the middle of the main street , which is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
The man was professional and gave him useful pieces of advice .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
Since that time , we have been very close until now .
We have a good relationship , she is my best friend .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very boring .
I have lived in stockholm and in two houses in Danderyd , but no other places .
I do n't read many books .
The one which is really worth seeing is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
So we must use a private vehicle .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the world .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
This is my older brother 's story .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for the worse .
Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
But , these days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive and responsible towards the environment .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby place , but some of them do n't think the same .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
Although the medical skills are getting better , the percentage of people who get cancer is still increasing .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
The accomplishment I am the most proud of was when I scored four goals in a soccer game .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
I started to play football when I was four years old .
Sports are very beneficial for our health .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is best .
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the same time .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the same people that submitted the test .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
You can think what you like , but I think that is the best part of Germany .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
Today I am very excited because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
There are just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you .
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strict and hard rules for factories .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
So we can say that travelling in our own transportation is more convenient .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
More unemployed people may also lead to a higher crime rate .
Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another place .
There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger brother .
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty recipes from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally renowned restaurants .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more popular in the future .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Do you want to know how much fun it is now ?
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
So annoying when I ca n't continue learning English .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
It is easier and more convenient .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
There are not many trees there and a lot of high mountains .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
The main characters are very young and enjoyable .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strict .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more important .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
But it was a very brief emotion .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
How to make a real mistake ?
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
I was a little worried because I love my sister but she was young and I had a lot of work .
I was so excited and very happy .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more attractive than private and individual transport .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Nowadays , students have a lot of different forms of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
Swimming is very exciting .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are important for my future course .
My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
It was an exciting day , all my friends , family … were with me .
He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can make your stew pot tasty , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
When I remember that moment , I am excited .
The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own apartment .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become heavy when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some slight disadvantages . It 's also very useful for some people .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
The current system is not sustainable .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
But , that future is very far from our current situation .
Although it was n't true . He had forgotten to unplug the iron .
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sidi .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has automatic doors for entry and exit .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
Best wishes for a wonderful holiday season and a very happy new year .
I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
The cost is reasonable .
The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
This is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
I live alone , so I always cook my own food .
I think that I am the right person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
I was very worried and nervous .
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
I am not a fluent speaker of English but I hope that I will be one day .
Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
He gave arms to the whole city .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there was heavy rain .
To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit stiff .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
Dear Mrs Gate
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
This was very scary !
2 . Fashion in small towns .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfying .
If you give me a chance I will be very pleased .
Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
When you feel really weak .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
So when children are playing around these trees , they can feel more healthy with clean air .
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer and fewer people willing to take public transport .
I arrived at school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
I am so pleased to write this letter for you .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some are not .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
Now he has founded his own company .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
While doing the puzzle , I decided to count how many pieces were left . After counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
I love my little family .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electrical engineering .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
Then , dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
Every music expresses different feelings .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
It is of great importance to inspect the printed sheets .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
He could not be at home all day doing nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
With time we became closer friends .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
Awaiting your prompt amendment .
So it makes me excited .
There is an increasing trend towards private transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
The discrepancy between these two places is great .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a busy day not many can really enjoy their journey .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he changed when he met Monica in the main restaurant .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
My favourite activities are out in the open air .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be possible to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
The special effects are amazing .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
My favourite sport is football . The main reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old . She is single and she works as a customer service agent . Her name is Shymaa .
My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
our future generations .
We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
There are so many animals and when you are quiet , you can see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so many great motifs .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as good as , for example , twenty years ago .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
The ecological problems have been very bad for the last few years .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get agitated !
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
I was at school : while I was listening to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of time to visit the city .
Also , there are the supermarket , bar and restaurants .
And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bus .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
When it comes to our environment , the use of public transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
Now I have more energy and better health to become happier .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us slim and healthy .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Although presenting a more lively plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
In modern society , cars have become cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
On the top floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too crowded and full of smoke .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
If I had to suggest a sport for children to do , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantees an high level of wealth .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be calm , not feel stress .
However , there is a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be careful .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
For disabled people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be keen to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each of us .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
He was very handsome and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
It 's an easy and a healthy sport .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
I am from a small town and I have to wait one hour to go to the city center .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
Thanks for your latest letter .
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
It is an big city and there are a lot of attractions .
So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
The cottage was really great , with a fantastic view of the beach .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a special atmosphere .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
He was starting to get agitated , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding . It was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
Famous people live in a completely different way than ordinary people .
There are a lot of different viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
The poor quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All surfaces are used in the best way possible .
He was friendly and liked Metal Music like me , so we always talked about our favourite groups .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are greater than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the current Parkour was born .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
People differ from each other and everyone has different professions .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
It must be really stressful when you ca n't go anywhere without journalists following you .
That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the top floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to do some activities , such as worldwide travel or camping for days .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
At a glance it seems very original and special , does n't it ?
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
In summer Kortrijk organises small concerts .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are special machines that have intelligence to carry out activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
Many of my friends are teachers . They like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and difficult parents .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the true story of a group of miners that were trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
The doorbell rang insistently . It was Saturday in the early morning and I was still in bed .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
She explains that in the process of purification , a large amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
But he also can be harmfully and sensitive .
I am into it because it is quite addictive and spectaculous .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the relevant one .
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the front page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
We frequently discussed various difficult problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
I think it 's true that travelling by car will be more popular .
Two of the principal reasons for this are as follows .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
He was curious about how he would feel when he went into the room .
So , this means we are getting less intimate and becoming more gossipy at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a great amount of sadness .
The main reason is that the carved stone balls are different types of stones .
However , the carved stone balls were not found near any graves .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
Clothes at lower prices
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cáceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a wide selection of food and drink .
Owing to those separate characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
Thank you for sending me the corrected form of my writing , and I really appreciate that very much .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
Sustainability is about finding the best way to interact with the environment .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , keen to work .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had better behaviour .
The performance turned out to be enjoyable , with a lot of witty jokes .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
Because we did n't live in any English speaking country , we tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
It would be great if I could be selected for interview .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
It was n't typical of her .
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by public transport because you can choose where you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Sometimes , public transport is useful because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most significant reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recreational facilities .
Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
I 'm excited about seeing you .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the usual way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
This is simple , because not everyone has a private vehicle .
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be concerned that somebody will look at you opening your mouth too wide or talking too loud .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is harder to survive .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
If you like to go shopping , you will have many choices .
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar have been to the club in the last weeks .
I like many types of sports but I like swimming best .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in acceptable conditions .
In fact , they can hardly ever define themselves as pop fans , rockers , ...
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
If your figure is nice , you will have a good mood , wonderful feelings .
The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interested in .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the most precious thing in the world .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
You will not feel self - confident and happy , but your outward appearance will be better .
Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this younger generation .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
I had to wait in the airport !
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
I have worked in various activities like this . For example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel terrible pain .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become common .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
Various contents could have an educative value . For example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the current and future generations , there are common international ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
Saving energy is the other important method available to everyone .
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
3 . I wrote the quantity of words required .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
it is time to intervene and take action .
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
In the future , this could create a big gap between poor and rich people .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the special equipment but it could help .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became closer to each other .
I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the various neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling long distances .
Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
Also , the seats of this transport are cleaner and the bus driver says the name of each stop .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Moreover , people enjoy being free and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
The most interesting place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
That is helpful for children and parents .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
You will feel great , concentrate better , have more energy and have fewer health problems .
I am a really cheerful person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very energetic youngster .
Besides , I have plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and sociable , and I have good communication skills .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another place .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your latest book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
Based on examining my current experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
Finally , I am available to have an interview if you consider my qualifications positively .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the safest and often the cheapest way to travel .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Most people would say that running is just the most boring sport ever .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively high in Australia .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
After that , you should go to Medellín . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
The old man became very excited and happy .
It is hard for people living in devastating surroundings .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
But to begin with , for a long time Anna was n't popular at school .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
Even the most illustrious shops can be found there .
It is not only worthwhile visiting the street by day , but also by night .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Since my graduation , I have acquired broad experience in translation .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
As we know , every person wants to achieve success in their lives .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were stronger than children in today 's world .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
I was n't a mere spectator .
That could be a bigger problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could rise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much lower using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
The answer is obvious , I think .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
I like it because it is very funny .
Classical art was easier for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern artworks are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , closed - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
On the one hand , private cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by tall trees of great age .
On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
People become crazy , agitated or bored while shopping .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that keen to hit the mall .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would be the lead woman .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , had been chosen to become the lead woman in a big play !
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
During the last thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay . The boat was very strong , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean . She was afraid .
As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as much information as they can contain .
For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lot of time .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
Working in the community is more appropriate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have committed a minor offence .
It may be for a day , a week , or a longer period of time .
Both acquiring new knowledge and making new friends make me feel happy .
To sum up , doing shopping is unavoidable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
During the past five years , I have been organizing various events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fair punishment .
Once I got fit enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
The potential risks for our younger generations
After listening to the short story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
Also , it was the governor 's ultimate purpose .
Everyone should think not just about his own benefit , but about others .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
Ken was a big guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really tight , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
Also , going on holidays by car can be very convenient .
Other problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
The next day , the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a small State located in South America .
This is a very popular sport and very good for your health .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the last people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
It is beneficial for both the higher and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
Once again , there is no better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the older brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger .
I 'm completely certain that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have changed a lot .
Thus , bad personality can be the seed of crime .
In addition , the prevalence of media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and global society .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
They moved in the crowd that made various phone calls and talked about their busy lives .
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive in a suitable place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they haven't been exposed to such a new environment before .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so beneficial .
Therefore , the working group will make its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
One of the obvious reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together current topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to lie down in .
With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for survival .
The influence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
This is because adults lived in a completely different time , so their advice might be outdated .
However , others claim that it is vital for society and future generations .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
On 3rd March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
Please accept our sincere apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or might it be a realistic idea ?
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a good example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those unavoidable extra costs .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In the following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
Various announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
He was sweating , looking at people in a confused way .
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more agitated .
On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
By a broad definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
Because no revolution is worth more than a human life .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
The dark clouds in the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tiny fragment of a rainbow .
Ordinary friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
It taught me how to advertise your own product , to know more about children 's interests .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
Actually , this is a bad idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
I 'm pleased to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely achievable .
The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as impractical and unachievable .
I am 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their own process .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas others believe deforestation has a greater impact on our world .
This flooding leads to starvation because of lower harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new things .
I 'm really happy to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
