Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
The next days I did n't do much .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
Any one in the world has future Goal .
In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
We have a good relation , she is my main friend .
Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
I do n't read so much books .
The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
So we must use the personal vehicle .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
Public transport , our cars or natural transport as a bike .
This is my old brother 's story .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
I started to play football when I had four years .
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
It is easier and more comfortable .
These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more impotent .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
But it was very short emotion .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
How to make true mistake ?
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
I was so exciting and very happy .
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more interesting than particular and individual transport .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
Swimming is very excited .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
When I remember that moment I am exciting .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become strong when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
The actual system is not possible stand long time .
The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
But , that future is very far for our actual situation .
Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .
I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
the cost is accessible .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
I live alone , so I cook always my food .
I think that I am the person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
I was very worrying and nervous .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
He gave the arms all the city .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
Mrs Gate
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
This was very scared !
2 . Fashion in little towns .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .
If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
I am so glad to write this letter for you .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
Now he has opened his owned company .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
I love my small family .
However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
Every music express other feelings .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
With the time we are more friends .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
so it makes me exciting .
There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
Especial effects are amazing .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
our next generations .
We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
Now I have more energy and health to become happier .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most faurite sport in the world .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Although presenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each other of us .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
He was very beautiful and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
Thanks for your last letter .
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particular atmosphere .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All surfaces are used in the better way possible .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
And that 's why I find this move so excited .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
In summer Kortrijk organises little concerts .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
It could be a good idea to find a large location .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
The main reason is that the craved stone balls are different types of stones .
However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
Clothes at short price
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cáceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a big selection of food and drink .
Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had other behaviour .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
It was n't common from her side .
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
I 'm nervous to see you .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and thick like an elephant .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
I had to wait awake in the airport !
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become popular .
Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
Saving energy is the other grand method available to everyone .
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
3 . I wrote the enough quantity of words required .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
It is high time to intervene and take action .
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
I started when I was 18 years and I played 2 days per week .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling large distances .
Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
The most absorbing place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
That is friendly for children and parents .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your last book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the most safe and often the cheapest way to travel .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Most people would say that running is just the most annoying sport ever .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
Thereafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
The old man became very excited and glad .
It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
I was n't a simple spectator .
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
The answer is evident , I think .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
I like it because it is very comic .
Classical art was more easy for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern arts are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish with big dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , close - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
On the one hand , personal cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by high trees of great age .
On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more bigger .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
People become crazy , nervous or dull while shopping .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that willing to hit the mall .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would become the main woman .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly is chosen to become the main woman of our new play .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , was chosen to become the main woman in a big play !
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
She was ready to leave but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat was very resistant but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean , she was afraid .
As a matter of fact students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires much time .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
How are you doing ? I 've heard in the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your last pc program .
Working in the community is more adequate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have done a minor offence .
It may be for a day , a week , or a period of time .
Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me feel delighted .
To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meter located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
During the past five years I have been organizing several events not just in England but also in the United States and Portugal .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fare punishment .
Once I got fitter enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
So TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
The potential risks for our new generations
After listening to the small story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
Also , it was the governors ' terminal purpose .
Everyone should think not just about his benefit , but about others .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
Ken was not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really short , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
Others problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
The next days the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a little State located in South America .
This is very popular sport and very useful for your health .
When I think about donating money I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the least people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
It is beneficial for both the upper and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the big brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye from J. D. Salinger .
I 'm completely sure that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our life styles will have changed a lot .
Thus , bad natural personality can be the seed of crime .
In addition , the prevalence of social media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of the European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent building , and where you can enjoy the last technologies and have fun .
However , who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and worldwide society .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
They moved in the crowd that made several phone calls and talked about their busy life .
Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive at proper place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that based on his own experience this team work could be not so much beneficial .
Therefore , the working group will do its assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
One of the overt reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just enough for me to lie down in .
With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for ultimate survival .
The influence of the grown - ups : great or not so ?
This is because adults lived in a complete other time , so their advice might be outdated .
However , others claim that it is vital for societies and next generations .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with the less use of chemicals .
On 3th March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
There is an evident tendency to the decline in the active ways of spending free time .
Please accept our dearest apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable idea ?
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and therefore the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Is it really that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those avoidable extra cost .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In the next following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
Several announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save nature .
Most teens tend to create their unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
The lightning in shops is obnoxious .
He was sweating , looking at people in a confusing way .
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more nervous .
In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
By a wide definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
Because no revolution is worthier than a human life .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
The dark clouds above the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Usual friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , than the consumer must use more of good X. When you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
It taught me how to advertise your product , to know more about children 's interests .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
Actually , this is a wrong idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
I 'm glad to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .
The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
I am aged 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their proper process .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , despite others believe deforestation has a higher impact on our world .
This flooding leads to starvation because of fewer harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new different things .
I 'm really glad to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
