You will be interesting in this job ?
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
Buses are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
Also , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
Hockey will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
It works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Everybody needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
TV has much benefits :
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
But , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
Less channels means less choices .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
However , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
The more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
Also it makes us more clever .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
In my case , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
However , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
I was really exciting !
The Odeon cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
Everything will be artificial and uncozy .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
I am flexible , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
I went to dinner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
Though the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
We must remember , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
