had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
I do not travel too much with my friends .
There was too hot .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
It is very great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
I hope I will do that again once .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
she was very fine
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Transport is more important for our life .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .
Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
I do n't read so much books .
Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
Now on the castle is a museum .
However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .
They are wonderful because they are always when I need them .
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
ufo story started already in antiquity .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
Yours Sincerely ,
In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .
Students have started to use their own cars than the bus .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
There will be any poor in the streets .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
I know to cook delicious meals .
For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
The driver set me to a place where he know .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Therefore , I would like to highly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
yours truly
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .
The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than only one bar .
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
They prefer to go work car than bus .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
Public transport is very much complicated now a days .
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am interested in this major so much .
On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .
NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .
These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
Physically I am blonde ,
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
As return back to study may be difficult .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
I rememmber , because then We won .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy there .
I hope to see you quick .
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
And , either do I. I also like sports .
The world is changing around .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
First of all , the food was very delicious .
With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
Then I become too much unhappy .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
Thank you for inviting me there !
Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
It 's convenient already .
If it was not true , the life would be so better .
Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
It 's April now , and spring is finally .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
We convert our watches an hour ago in October .
My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
- experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
Some experience so easily and often .
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
Yours sincerely
I was 30 years before .
Traveling by car will be the best suitable
i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
Why are so many cool man in this world .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .
No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
The more I can perform the much I can gain .
But what will be in the future ?
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
Yours fatefully ,
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
homever the football is so competitive .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
However , I know to cook every kind of food .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .
It 's even the longest river I whenever saw .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
Our national foods are very delicious .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
I could start when you tell me .
I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Your sincerely ,
Consequently , I need to swim usually .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
Yours sincerely .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
Not only what you want to hear .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
You should absolutely visit Rome and Florence !
Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
- " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
Yours sincerely ,
In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
I really like the school and it is going good so far .
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may thoroughly miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
But where do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
I utterly agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
I look forward to hearing from you early .
I screamed and it started to bleed really much .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
Yours faithfully ,
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
Yours sincerely ,
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have seen .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
and He held me strongely .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
yours sincerely ,
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
It makes it possible to study and do research easier .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
This technology will be improved furthermore in the future .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
Yours sincerely
It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you want to go .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are alone able to sell .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
Yours sincerely
In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
Almost , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
It is n't easy at all , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
When it happened .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
I would be completely happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
Moreover , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
You will no regret coming to Spain .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 years .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are exactly parts of real life .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
This initiative will surely help countries to reduce pollution .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
yours sincerely ,
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
For me it is only a torture .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
The same face as ever .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
For example , making the life better and comfortable .
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
Go anywhere !
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
Special dramatic effects were thus added on stage .
I wish you love it either !
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
Do n't run too much and so quickly !
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
Yours sincerely .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
I would not rather say yes .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
You can go there only for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
Here is also many nice castles .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
Sincerely ,
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
But , is it also that necessary ?
In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
Yours sincerely ,
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Moreover , I love spending time with children .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time here .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
They would just do if they have to .
Running will ever be my favorite sport !
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
It was 5 pm and too many people came to see the show .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
Yours faithfully ,
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are actually in use .
On the other hand the opening hours are not enough and they should be extended .
It sounded like a quite good challenge for me so after finishing the then lessons I quickly sat down and started writing .
A lot of different languages are spoken in all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn it .
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
If you just learn how to keep a control of your body standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Sincerely ,
Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
In addition , we spend at least 3 hours together with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce where I should be .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear too soon .
Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
So I switched off the projector , took out my white board pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted back to traditional methods of teaching .
Only a decade year ago , robotics was just limited to scientific research .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write there their impressions about beautiful sights .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type more used .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space where to practice it comfortably .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more tremendously our happiness is influenced .
Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
With the advent of individually owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly reduced .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars only to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , also together with my own view on it .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is taken when no other option is possible .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and surely public transport will play an important role .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
Since microbiology was yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
I loved my job there and if I only had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
It is known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear or even the tattoos they have .
Ken was not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular over the world .
So , he decided to ignore him absolutely .
They both left the office soon .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you find a new job here .
Since I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so graciously .
If the French and British spoke the same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 per cent .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
In other words , no matter how far you live , a good friend will always support to you .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
Travelling farther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
For example , when there have to be sent letters in English .
It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love back ?
You will find yourself walking a little longer and faster than the day before .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
We will definitely have better drugs and also less incurable diseases .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say that even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are particularly dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
Luckily , this has not been the case so when it comes to Seville .
Moreover , footbal is a physical game .
This is kind of the real vacation for me .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
These kinds of websites allows people to interact with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
A mother is very fundamental and the basis for the men principles and beliefs .
People are advised to carpool and travel to work places .
Except classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thusly , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , therefore , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used it as cones .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , unless you enjoy people watching , early bird shopping is highly recommended .
The situation with household litter looks much better rather than what happens on the streets of the city .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years .
You may not have never thought about it but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat .
It is well accepted that whenever you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
We have to go fast from one place to another , just to be in time for fulfilling next task or activity .
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread anywhere around the world .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Moreover , in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum , which is also can be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close with their families as they used to be and mostly they are farther apart from their parents .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
Little known is what was the role played by music in his life and how was his relationship with it previous to his first deed .
I am quite enthusiastic about being with kids .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works .
Thereby , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
