It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it easier .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
We ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
He has ever been with me .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Here we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Yours faithfully ,
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
In addition , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
After that , the sports day began formally .
Although it is not a great result , I 've already try my best .
I felt very afraid because I was not good at running .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
I also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
We ate delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
After having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie 's garden .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
I love the food here and I think my classmates too .
That is why because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
It is not fair enough .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Third , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
Public transport is absolutely better .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
The thing that more annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
Totally recommended !
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
They will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
First , dressing as properly as possible .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
Furthermore , precisely today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
How did I get there ?
As well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
