It 's difficult because I 'll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you 'll study it more easily .
I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
We always played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laughed a lot of ...
He has always been with me .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
There we can eat typical Italian food .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
Yours sincerely ,
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
Penny was so sad . The only thing that he could do was to wait and keep calm .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also known as little master .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
In addition , money is not more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
After that , the sports day began officially .
Although it is not a great result , I 'd tried my best .
I felt really afraid because I was not good at running .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria , in which the economy relies completely on tourism .
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully ,
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
It does not have very much to do , but there were the falls .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being deliberately aggressive toward someone .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages , personal loans , contability and investments .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
We ate delicious food and played interesting games together .
After having tea , we played hide - and - seek together in Winnie 's garden .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
I love the food there and I think my classmates will too .
That is because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
It is not fair .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is good .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Third , swimming in the ocean is more dangerous .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish where the explosion hit .
In the night , I was thinking about many things when I heard some noises .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
Public transport is definitely better .
Only after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and then he knew he had made a huge mistake .
The thing that most annoys me is that they copy from me and the other good students all the time .
Highly recommended !
You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
They will do practically everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and speak with us like an ordinary human .
First , dressing as appropriately as possible .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
I had never travelled to Europe before , so I was really nervous , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Every time the sound of heartbeats started , something ensued .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
Furthermore , today I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions !
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are really great .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point about BSE .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
The airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
How did I get here ?
Also , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
I don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend how different our lives would be .
