had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
I do not travel so much with my friends .
It was too hot there .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
It is really great .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
I hope I will do that again sometime .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
However , many of them are not ready for this .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
she was absolutely fine .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Transport is very important for our lives .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
I am twenty - five years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
It is concluded that these kinds of developments will be put into action for all schools shortly .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and she was 10 .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
These days , public transport shows no future .
How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
I do n't read many books .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
These days , in the castle there is a museum .
However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me very much .
They are wonderful because they are always there when I need them .
So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives will dramatically change in the future is because of technology .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
In the past , it was n't like that . People did not have cars . They just relied on public transport .
Stories about UFOs started in antiquity .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
It is true that every day we have new innovations which help people and make their lives easier .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
Every time a car is used and more economic .
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
Yours faithfully ,
In Italy , volleyball is very common , especially in my region .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more powerful .
Students have started to use their own cars rather than the bus .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefers to bat .
So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl .
There will not be any poor people in the streets .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
Also , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or go to eat an ice - cream .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
England does n't have anything . You are the worst and most horrible country in the universe .
I know how to cook delicious meals .
For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come to you to make you smile is your mom or dad .
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
The driver took me to a place he knew .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
Therefore , I would like to firmly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
Yours faithfully
These pictures show us what detailed steps are taken by the bank to produce paper money into the application .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Therefore , I think we need public transport .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits best .
The traffic jams become more and more serious .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than just one bar .
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Then he was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have too much to do !
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
Traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is much more convenient because it takes much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
Public transport is very complicated nowadays .
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of that place hated most .
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
The first day I studied at the university , I made a lot of friends .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am so interested in this major .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
After a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very long way out of the solar system .
NASA replied that it was a really amazing achievement that Rosetta left the solar system .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are old .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable way of travelling .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to move to the countryside two years ago .
As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
I am blonde ,
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
As returning to studying may be difficult .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will not disappoint you .
In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
The perfect moment is whenever you want ; in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
I remember , because we won .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutely crucial .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
The first time I rode on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
There is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
I worked so hard , but really enjoyed playing .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
I 'm studying medicine . This major is very challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there is a lot of information .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
Despite that , there are more reasons to study abroad .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy here .
I hope to see you soon .
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
And , so do I. I also like sports .
The world is changing .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
First of all , the food was really delicious .
After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
Then I became so unhappy .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
In conclusion , it 's more important to learn the concept than to say something stupid ....
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear the birds singing .
There you can see some of the greatest teachers painters .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
Thank you for inviting me !
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
Cristina really likes dogs and she is very pretty .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park . It is a wonderful beach , the sand is very white .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
It is not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a lot every day and that makes me love it so much .
It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
I thought I should n't go because those benches were disgraceful for me .
It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
It 's convenient .
If it was not true , life would be so much better .
The meals were very good and in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
I hope that the number of players will increase and increase every day .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
My friends have bought tickets to Sochi already .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
- experience it when they are very tired physically and very stressed .
Some experience this very easily and often .
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
So , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away wherever we are .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , though , be sunburnt .
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
Yours faithfully
That was 30 years ago .
Traveling by car will be the most suitable
I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have so many types of food .
No No longer do they have to solely depend on public transport .
Ever increasing crowds in cities and traffic problems are increasing .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
The better I can perform the more I can earn .
But what will there be in the future ?
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
Yours faithfully ,
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very interested in earning money .
However , football is very competitive .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stay in that house , but they are not alone . They are with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
With the coming of cars , people use public transport more rarely .
Young people might like to take a walk in king garden , where there are sakura trees .
It 's even the longest river I ever saw .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Our national foods are really delicious .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
I could start whenever you like .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even for Italians , thinking for
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
Yours faithfully ,
Consequently , I need to swim often .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time , since I was a kid .
Yours faithfully .
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
When you start playing , you should practice at least twice a week , better three times a week .
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
Not just what you want to hear .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
It is definitely not environmentally friendly .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
You should definitely visit Rome and Florence !
Also , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Also , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college which is not too expensive .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
Second , learning ideas and concepts supports self - education significantly .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , ever .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
We stayed there for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a small part of Trapani .
In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
In addition , I made new friends there . They are very clever and physically strong .
It enables you to go anywhere you want , no matter when .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
- " What ? What 's wrong with you ?
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
Yours faithfully ,
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before .
I really like the school and it is going well so far .
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , it 'll never work .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael started to put his feet on the podium again .
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
After the first trials , however , improvements are soon noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action would take place .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may really miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
Their opinions varied a bit here .
But how do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
Even though we have finished the term exams , they only gave us a week free .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
I entirely agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
This goal pushes me to do better and better each time .
There are a lot of cases where journalists make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
This is one reason why it is my favorite sport .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I screamed and it started to bleed really heavily .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
Yours sincerely ,
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
Yours faithfully ,
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
And sometimes , programmes are too aggressive and give people bad messages .
Well , to travel in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
and he held me tightly .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts .
There you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Yours faithfully ,
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
It can be amazing to see different species of animals which are no longer living .
It makes it possible to study and do research more easily .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
Not only is it the popular place among young Polish citizens , but it is also really extraordinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
This technology will be improved further in the future .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
He was very naughty and was not very interested in his studies .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
I know how much you like both activities so I suppose you are having a hard time .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
Also , I have taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
Yours faithfully
It is more convenient as you can travel straight to the place you want to go .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it often , you will simply forget it .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen apart .
He just loved that girl so much that he wanted to protect her from everything .
Was it just him or was she wearing a sexy dress ?
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
Last but not least , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are only able to sell .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
Yours faithfully
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to meet that demand and to offer a good time too .
Also , Cceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
It is n't easy at all , they 're very different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport should be here for many years to come .
Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
In big cities , people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework , so , he ran back home quickly , and started finishing his homework .
While Peter was doing his homework , his best friend , Tommy , invited Peter to play football at night .
It was not easy to let a daughter go away on her own .
Three Roman emperors built the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I thought .
Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
Then it happened .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
It 's true that their lives are too exposed and they can not have a normal life .
I would be so happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
Surprising stories that we will not ever imagine .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us financially , but it was n't enough .
Also , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they currently are .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
They had n't isolated him , he had .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
And in the home there will always be a room to sleep and relax .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
You will not regret coming to Spain .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go far because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleanest and most attractive receive an award .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there quickly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
Meanwhile , the urban council strongly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are parts of real life .
To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy city life , too .
Also , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
This initiative will definitely help countries to reduce pollution .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
yours faithfully ,
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
Also , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
For me , it is just a torture .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
We had hard days too . We argued , but then quickly made up .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
The same face as always .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic  ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
Finally , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
For example , making life better and more comfortable .
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
Go somewhere !
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not entirely true .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Special dramatic effects were added on stage .
I hope you love them too !
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
, but it also means improving your skills , your talents .
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
A lot of people like it , I think because it is the cheapest sport .
Do n't run too much and too quickly !
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
Try to be spontaneous and not too sliced .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left behind as we progress .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
Yours faithfully
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choose it as an option .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
I would not say so .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
You can go there just for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
Here there are also many nice castles .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
Not only will they be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
Faithfully ,
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
But , is it really that necessary ?
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
Yours faithfully ,
They have to walk long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
There are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
Once , people thought he would not succeed .
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a very agreeable atmosphere .
It is in the south of Spain , where the weather is warm .
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
I love this restaurant . The food is absolutely delicious .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Also , I love spending time with children .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be too nervous in front of the teachers .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
In that area , Budapest is really awful .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is very economical .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time there .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
They would only do it if they had to .
Running will always be my favorite sport !
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keeps all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As the picture shows , there are six steps to producing bank notes .
I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there appeared thousands of people .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
It was 5 pm and so many people came to see the show .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay there forever .
Yours sincerely ,
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
Outdoor games are made just for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
Every time I felt bad about my English , he supported me like no one else .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are currently in use .
On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
It sounded like quite a good challenge for me , so after finishing the lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
A lot of different languages are spoken all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn .
Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
If you just learn how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
Faithfully ,
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
In addition , we spend at least 3 hours with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce when I should be .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear very soon .
Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , causing sight problems or headaches .
So I switched off the projector , took out my whiteboard pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted to traditional methods of teaching .
Only a decade ago , robotics was limited to scientific research .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Bront in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write their impressions of beautiful sights .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type most used .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more greatly our happiness is influenced .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
With the advent of privately owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , together with my own view on it .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is only taken when no other option is possible .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , certainly , public transport will play an important role .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
Since microbiology was not yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be completely bright .
I loved my job there and if I had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
Ken was a big guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular all over the world .
So , he decided to ignore him completely .
They both left the office quickly .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when finding a new job here .
When I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support you .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
Travelling further down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
For example , when letters have to be sent in English .
It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love ?
You will find yourself walking a little further and faster than the day before .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and more comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
We will definitely have better drugs and also fewer incurable diseases .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
Luckily , this has not been the case when it comes to Seville .
Also , football is a physical game .
This is a real vacation for me .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
A mother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the man 's principles and beliefs .
People are advised to carpool and travel together to work places .
Apart from classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no longer in with young people in my country .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thus , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used them as cones .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
The situation with household litter looks much better than what happens on the streets of the city .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years ago .
You may not have ever thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that they can eat too .
It is well accepted that when you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread everywhere around the world .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Also , in Red Square one can see the Mausoleum , which is can also be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close to their families as they used to be and mostly they are further apart from their parents .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
I am very enthusiastic about being with kids .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works together .
Therefore , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
