Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are being implemented .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits and vegetables , so I will eat more fruits and vegetables .
You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
But family never let you go and family never go away from you !
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under construction .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A clean and healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transportation .
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
A lot of toxic exhaust is emitted into the air .
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful large terrace .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers and not their disappearance from classrooms .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , and I spend some money on my bike .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
I prefer walking , because the bus , helicopter , and metro are very polluting .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona and AC Milan .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
like 1 meter 60 . So if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
It was just a dream , but very real .
The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
With a little delay , Peter made it !
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , residents have a great respect for nature .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
I am trying my best and hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
I do n't like spiders or shoots .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Although I knew that there was some conflict between England and Scotland , the vote really shocked me .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
Personally , I use public transport more and I hardly ever use private transport .
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
For example , I can learn about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe . It 's fascinating !
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and acquiring an international standard qualification .
Well here are some advice and ideas that have worked for me .
He entered and decided that he would stay over the night .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it . It was very beautiful .
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
This question made the other group think a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
It was a lovely sunny day .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
However , they must be supervised , especially by their parents .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
It still has to have the same elements , like roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door and windows .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you face during the journey .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
The manager told them that this guy had robbed many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
It transpired that at the fountain stood Chuck , waiting for her .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice or hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need or for things that they need .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and the recycling system was forgotten for a long time .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable and not .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
She never just shuts one door , but she also opens another one .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Vienna has a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to focus on the three most popular places .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , but although this night sounds impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires and is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and is now being used as a museum .
In such a way , they can remain alert no matter what will happen .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga or Justin Timberlake .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York or hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
Joey is an actor and he is always having auditions but without success .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old daughter .
More than half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two or more times a week .
The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus and tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence run smoothly .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton and Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
