Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and was a jaguar .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
I took lessons for six months , and I improved my abilities so much .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , it is expensive .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try contacting you .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
Women supporting equal pay for women and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
