Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television education .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
But family never let you go or family never go away from you !
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .
It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful and large terrace .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what
I did n't call , send message and met him .
It was just a dream , very real like .
The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
With a little delay , but Peter did it !
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose for different reasons .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
Dear Sir Madam ,
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , then becomes his middleman .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , and although this night sound impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I had to leave them for school and college .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
Though being good enough , yet the growth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is being used as a museum .
In such a way they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga nor Justin Timberlake .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York nor hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
We three counldn't sing together nor make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
Finally , preparing supplementary for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions without success .
Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year old daughter .
More than a half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two and more times a week .
The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality to become better people in any aspect of our lives because it represents a major challenge .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with ocean and sea once for all .
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind heart is too vivid to forget .
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places such as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer courses .
