Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
I have been taking lessons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
Eventhough it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
They do n't respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Students , children from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
The sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
This process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
