But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
After school , I like to eat fresh fruit .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I was four years old .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
In addition , you have to share with people you absolutely do n't know and probably wo n't see again .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I definitely agree with that .
Basically , we have land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain . All my friends and I are having a party and it would be fantastic if you were able to come .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you r joke .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
What a big surprise : you are married .
Do n't forget to write soon .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
This is a sport that improves your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
It makes me feel that it was a strange dream .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not private , but public , and we ca n't say that this kind of transport will not be useful .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
It takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
She dreamt about living in a big city where no one would know her .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
I thought that it was the best sport ever .
The trainer said to me that I was really good .
Ann decided that she 'd try on her wedding dress
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
- I 'll tell you later .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
He realized what that means .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
Last Friday I visited Balla without any planning .
I felt like I was being deprived by my family .
I think it was the most exciting holiday I 've ever had and my favourite too .
It was a great time for me .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
It pleases some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
Well , I do martial arts .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
It includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
Our mums went to high school together , although they never talked a lot .
She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
I was at school : while I was listening to the English lesson I felt a severe headache .
It was amazing .
The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
To sum up , I totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
- No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
Maybe you 'll choose to attend university in one of these cities !
From there take the 45 bus and stop at Piazza Rubiani . I do n't live very far from there . It will only take a couple of minutes .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
And there are a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
My name is Claudia . I was born in Sweden .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
It does actually remind me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
Maria could hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
All I 'd have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
I thought that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he could chew because he did n't know me and I was going to make him pay for what he had done .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
She 'd go out with him .
She was on her way to the court where Michael was practising when she heard guys talking .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
" I found this in his office . "
I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 'd never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event was taking place .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronic , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo n't change our lives dramatically .
You agree with me , do n't you ?
What about you ?
Anyway , I 've recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our beautiful city by doing a recycling campaign .
Do n't forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
There 'd be no humour to make it interesting .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
I fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've recently been given the sack !
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
Max did n't know what to do .
If you do it ( and I 'm sure you will do it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I do not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
that 's amazing . I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I received an email from you !
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
There are no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
After the second false start you 'll be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
I hope the charity event you organised with your school was successful .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
She 'd gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
I was thinking that maybe it was just my imagination .
I have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'd give me your help .
First thing I do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Then I look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on to find their cure .
I ' m left with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
He decided it was time to face his enemy .
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 'd been dreaming of for a long time .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing countries to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
Because two days ago I read an article by Nadine Bös about this topic .
There are many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
Also , there are more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
