But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
What 's a big surprise , you are married .
Do not forget to write soon
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
I thought that it 's the best sport ever .
Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
- I tell you later .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
He realized that 's means .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .
I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .
It 's great time for me .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
Well , I 've played martial arts .
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .
It 's amazing .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
You welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
And there 're a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
She 's going out with him .
She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
" I 'd found this in his office . "
I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
What 's about you ?
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
There 's be no humour to make it interesting .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
Max did nt know what to do .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
There 's no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
I hope the charity event you 've organised with your school was successful .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
She 's gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
I was wondering that maybe it 's just my imagination .
I 'm have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'll give me your help .
First thing I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Then I 'll look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on finding their cure .
I 'll be left with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
But then I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction from something I 've never eaten before .
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
He decided it 's time to face his enemy .
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming for a long time .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to profit from the electronic revolution , are you ?
Because two days ago I 've read an article , by Nadine Bös , about this topic .
There 're many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
Also , there 're more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
