The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
I want to be fit and have a good health .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I want working in our cafe .
I like a many food and drink .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I have two parents like the most people .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
This is a power of the information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
It is very important and very enjoyable game .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
You can start the cricket game .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
In the today society .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
It also helps us in studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
They must maintain roads .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
But main concern will be technology .
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Thank in advice for your information .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
It was a well planned for a holiday .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
It is the story about a little lion and his life .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
that 's first fact .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Later , the people continue in language schools .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .
We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .
However , taking your own car is the much more useful .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
Presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to result released .
My goal is an admission of National University .
continue the study
Any one in the world has future Goal .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
It was great idea !
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
your Sincerely
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
I the town you can do everything fun .
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
Thionk about family 's routine .
They listen to you , discuss our problems .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
I think the style is very important in our life .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has his own life and a choice to decide what she wants .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .
Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
private cars reduce the affection .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
I am looking forward confirmation .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .
Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
Number 's room was 666 .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .
For me , the sport is very important .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?
It is near to the Hyde Park .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
A hour later we went to the London Eye .
Then we go to the Big Ben .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
It takes you very long time to get to your destination .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
Young people are the most interested in fashion and computer games .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
I am writing to apply for your job offer .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
If we use our public transport services .
we may be late to office / working place .
So we must use the personal vehicle .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
It was built in twelfth century .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
It is in a Gothic style .
This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
Castle also has a courtyard .
This museum has a monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
However , plane is most dangerous way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
My brother lives in Barcelona with him girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for the time .
Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like this !
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .
When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Firstly , we are living in unstable world .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for convenient answer .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
It is not difficult to do the thing .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
do you have best friend in your life ?
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
It is said to happen once in life .
Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
The public transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I felt so bad in a car .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I really do n't feel my blame .
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
So you need to be careful that kind of people .
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
And also , there is gift shop and cafe .
Thank you for your reading .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
You can think ' why this ? '
In the school I study German and I like the language .
Added to what I know , make it attractive .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the key inside the home !
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
The public transport can connect people .
You can meet every kind of people .
It 's some kind of socializing .
The public transport is cheaper than the car .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
It shows you movies , news and the new products .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
They explained all services procedures .
Second day was awful .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
The experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
Her mom would kill him !
He was the best student in her class .
Mia that was her name .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
Aisha is in his therties .
This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
The tourists return to his country very scared .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
But we should n't make same mistakes .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
i swim 2 times per a week
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Car continues to attract people .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .
People had drived car to go a work .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
So we must reduce by car on street .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
Moreover you travel with the other people .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
I hate this .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
I also work in summer as a waitress in a terrace .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .
underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .
And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hands .
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
I had word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
How many car for all of people in the world ?
Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .
Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has big nose and lips just like human .
In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the circus .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
That is eight - episodes film .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
I try to be football player in there .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
In my opinion the people use television for distraction .
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no apologizes to be a informed person .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
The people who do n't use the public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .
Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
I am a serious fan of environment .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Hope that those information are of good use .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .
I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .
I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .
It is small and quite city .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
but nobody was opening doors .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .
I have big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing which you really want .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
But it was very short emotion .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
Yara finished one of your training .
Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
Another thing you do not have is the ball control .
How to make true mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .
You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with a old Bejar dancer .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
I think every people love sport .
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
purpose score most points .
I think I am good player .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
Was she at the school with us ?
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for this ?
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .
Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .
Internet is the best means of communication .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
In north of the city people sell all types of food .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
Also , possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
He has been the AC / DC 's mind .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .
I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
In this game you must play with team .
You must n't play only but you must with team .
This words did that I was starting more
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but a fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brazilian .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Polen is amazing and interesting country .
If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
This is China - based chain that is recently opened .
The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
Moreover , they think that controlling the pollution is possible .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
other frinds coll poles .
Polles came with big investigation .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
Waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
The travelling by car it 's very bad .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
" Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in the society .
Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
This essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh its merits .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
These transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
People of all classes can use this .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
I come back home on the sunset .
it is amazing sport .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
It is easy to make boiled egg .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
It 's a fantastic new !
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
You can learn with your referee and with coach .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
she is working in primary school .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
But I saw unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .
I do n't like the public transport of school .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
Today I felt bad in the public transport .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
First place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .
first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wife and a little child .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I play online with any people from the world .
I play basketball in the school .
Nutritionists recommend the quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
Despite , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .
Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
World change by time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .
It runs behind the ants and flies .
It hates the water .
my firs job was baby sitter .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am English teacher now .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
I hope yours news .
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
Sport is important part of my life .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
Mix butter , eggs and vanilla .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
Fuel consumption has increased in few years .
Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with Li Ren edition .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
He gave the arms all the city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
World cup unites the world .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
and court contains one net in between those players .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
We are living in rush world .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
-Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .
Jogging the sport in the nature
Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
This programmes are fashionable .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
That is the reason why its price is so low .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .
I am willing to cook lot of different meals for them .
I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .
I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
Player who can bat and bowl is called all - rounder .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
Its popularity spreads all over world too .
The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
And they said it 's a really good for your health .
There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
Second facility is public bus .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
It makes farther or mother more convenient !
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .
Its screen has colours and HD
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in health care sector and chemistry , as well as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
In future , The cars will fly and be faster .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
In a flash of an eye , the police came .
The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
The living room shares area with dining room .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .
I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
Few people who live in the suburban areas have the following routine :
2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
Fdi can play important role in it .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
If it was not true , the life would be so better .
Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
I was waiting for you email .
than the practice makes the rest .
It 's great time for me .
The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
I had an affair love .
He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
There is an unique athmosphere !
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
That will cause the global warming .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
My parents are the good guides .
My mammy told the story in night .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
What the fine weather today !
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
They sing joyfully and build the nests .
They feel tired after long snowy winter .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
- feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
Some experience so easily and often .
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
I went to nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
Teach about a debates .
How be a good debaters .
Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
Hot spot helps to get more security .
The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
Debates is a combat
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
Otherwise , when the people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
So some counties would not force the people to join military .
In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Halloween is traditional holiday in USA but the original history came from Celtic people .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
I do a research and this are findings .
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
I was manager at retail store .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
So an important historical place is the St. Katherine 's castle .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .
In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
With the time we are more friends .
For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with their family , friends and relatives
You need to play it on team .
When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
And there is a good communication between us .
In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
We use communication every time .
However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of these reasons I am about to give .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
Venice is city that is based on water .
I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .
We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
But Michael sometimes has problem .
The people should walk more than before .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Those above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
I have big family consists of three sisters and one brother .
The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .
Their new house near the beach is very nice .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
He is Polish basketball player .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
In second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
If you have problems , you can call me ! !
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .
But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
Progress of the technique is very fast .
I work for a coffee shop in center city .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
The public transport in the near future
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
However we should be balance from the both types .
I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if this is possible .
She can make very exciting show and surprise her fans .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
I will talk about passion in a life .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .
Possible we will in a space or underground .
It can be with the flowers .
Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
Three Suggestions to be Doctor
Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .
First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .
When study hard at the high school you will be
By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .
If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
The first reason is no other than generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child best .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have positive attitude .
the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
the sport is very important for the health .
the sport increase our physical performance .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
homever the football is so competitive .
all the states in the world have an own league .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers have to obey orders of humans .
And it is going to be for all the eternity .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
Especial effects are amazing .
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
1 . Is it possible to go without compression machine ?
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
I do not have experience working in the kitchen .
It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
He is orderly and Clean man .
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
I have father , mother and three sisters .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
Humans prefer luxurious life .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
This is why I believe that the field trips are good for kids .
You know I was there on the trip .
After , I was living in a flat .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects the things from breakage .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and the people prefer to travel in their car .
Thanks for you letter .
We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .
In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
To be on my own and watch the other people live .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .
A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .
Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to
In addition investigation can bring within company in
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .
Our lawns also are the problem .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
I think that i have the enough experience for the job .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
I always went to my school on foot .
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .
The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .
It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
It is not quiet and it is active city in a different ways .
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
The television can entertain , and also educate the people .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every the year of Jaiwu .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by the bad weather happened first .
There were also conflicts between western countries and the ISIS .
It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
Man could have some problems with his health .
For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
I want yours helps .
Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
He took down every mistake he made last films .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
And I am fond of Russian team .
We are taking part in championship this year .
I am waiting for a final of this game .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
Cause of this was hurt my leg .
As result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
I found ad about this job on the Internet
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
Second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
I play football every day with my friends at club .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
Mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
I live in Spain at this moment .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get right equipment , find friendly team , and enjoy the game .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
It 's impossible to stop the science .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
I advise the parents to let the children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
You can play it in every age .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without government 's help .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
- I 'm just late riser person .
I will send you list of them .
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
- What about the coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is good thing .
Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
The condition of the public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
There is another problem relates to safety .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
Both texts contribute different approaches to music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by CD industry .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
And the skiing .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
Public transport is still vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
However these news can be false .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially area between chemistry and physics .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
I think this is traitors ' action .
Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
The other benefit of living abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
I hope you have had a high score at the school .
If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
They are really close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional matters .
Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
But the lucky was n't with me !
This is a documentary about the science .
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even body in a bad way .
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got the first - aid certificate .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
While on holidays from the University .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
While on the time off from the University .
This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught worldwide media 's attention .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
It does not need a fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
It is an individual but also team activity .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
Once , I took part in half - marathon .
My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both environment and travellers .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
When the women spend the hours in the shops , men must go with them .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
But this is Michael .
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
And that was how Michael was at this moment .
You 're always like that .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
Which training do you offer ?
Thank you very much for you help .
What about the relationship ?
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of Edo era .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
I am energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have an experience of working with children .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
As a result , the quality would be guaranteed .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I should present a little bit of history of it .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of current lifestyle .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find the way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading rich and carefree life .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Only results will be recognized at the end .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
Tomáš Baťa had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
General public are using the public transportation more than before .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
And I used the English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
He went to the church on that day .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
The park was sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for murder and to arrest murderer .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
He understands that the shadow was ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
That was the most important fact about me .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
My programs are for the old people in different villages .
I want to have kids and family .
God , save us from the evil .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
It is really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
On the other hand , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be an optimal choice of transportation .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need additional $ 13000 .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for those elderly people .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
The television has still something important to show .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
Them jokes were very funny .
I saw a parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that miners had to go through .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
This job is related to subject of my interest .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
That 's the point of Internet .
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's easy , beautiful language .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
But I played basketball and my tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Some of them were made in modern style and some of them in classic .
You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
Third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
The importance of internet on our lives
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
It is the football .
Is it the best for the pollution and environment ?
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning school library .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
The share of cars could remain because of the electric cars .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
In future he wants to get a general .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
It give me some pleasure and fun .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
What 's a description of a famous person ?
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors that can be opened easily .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
He refused to do this .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
For example the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
He set up plan and he made true .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
The government had to start a major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
Underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
A final notable change is that football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
Because all the people have got predicaments .
But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
And media appear on the scene .
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
That is the experience can not given by car .
The air pollution make the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install a software .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that the famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything which I would like to buy .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
In the last season we reached the second place .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
However , public transport is not threatened by car .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
I think I would be the right person for such job .
I have chosen two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of those Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on fame of this person .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
So a public transport is not exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
Most of my time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of the time .
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
There are lot of campaigns going on globally .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
The most people in Sweden are christians .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , those systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
The use of public transport takes more time than using the car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
They are conserving rain water using rain water harvesting process .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I am writing to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
Basically , famous figure has no privacy .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
Send me some tourist information if you have .
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
decorated with a phrasal verbs
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Moreover , I had many problems with the English grammar .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
I played wrestling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
Wrestling is both interesting and entertaining sport .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
It might be more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
I do agree with a statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
Times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
Pain of jealousy .
An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of the public transport .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find bus .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Very different morning
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have fantastic holiday together !
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , legends and history .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I practise it every day in my school .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
there are variety of transport mean .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
It 's beautiful city !
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
Using public transport reduce the pollution .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
I have never forgotten that funny story about baseball match .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with few yoga exercises as well .
And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
Guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
We must pay to receive the psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
It 's a way to deal with external world .
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
There are many kinds of cafes , the ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
The death of the public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
Teenagers are main target who drink too many soft drinks .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
The most people prefer a car rather than a public transport .
In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
I want to learn English , and I go to the college twice a week .
The young people should do an experience like this .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
He was shot in his head .
The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
For example , making the life better and comfortable .
He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
We live in the century of the speed .
One of the reasons is the time .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy our personal car .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , … .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Those who are not satisfied with public transportation system may use private vehicles .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
There are so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution causes .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
Besides these , the public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make sound of thunder .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
On the other hand , doing the shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
All photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
It was really amazing day full of pleasures .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by the insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
" The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
The guide decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himself .
It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
She said it was a present for his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
This composition is about the famous person from my country .
Kunta was sold to slave master in South America .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking CAE exam .
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
This is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
People will start purchasing all the items from the Internet .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
I hope I will see such future .
I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
This film is about a kidnapping of two little girls .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
The worst part of story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what the life would be like in our time .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from the books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing an event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in a living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off the fireworks .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
In Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
Kimono has very simple structure .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
What about the Saturday mornings ?
The football
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
There was gap of ambition in him
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
I am an addict to padel !
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
Firstly , it is such a good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
So they often need help of professionals .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
I hold the example .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the time .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
We need to slow down the time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in time .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
The Alhambra : A paradise within you reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
manually inspectors by the officers .
The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with a force .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
In the third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and variety of cancers .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
I 'm au pair .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Sapporo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
An another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In spite of the number of the cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
In early days , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
Children have to take entrance examination .
phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without a shelter .
First of all , being without home is a horrible problem .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
What a great new !
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start next turn right after you pass the stick .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
She began to study at the prestigious University .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
She intended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study for her .
In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
Michael came back from the school after a tedious day .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
We do n't choose parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
The efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
No future for the public transport ?
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
It can have influence at their work .
They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
The scenery , the beauty of mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
Will our houses look so terrible in a 40 years ?
Or will they be made from iron and have strong door and barred windows ?
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Creating fun activities is an important role of the summer camp workers .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
I enclose my CV to complete information .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
Since the public transport , it decrease people
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
He went to coffee shop .
Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
Tom sold all of tickets quickly and earned enough money .
His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
A short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with the financial difficulties .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
She became really popular in all school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good weather all year .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
It 's the great show , by the way .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try a new things , socialize and experience a new cultures .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
I would like to help people in my best way I can .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that the resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
You can also go to the club .
Not far from the town lies zoo .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
This evening was so delightful !
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
I thought that he must have called the reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
At the moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
Well , I think it has future .
In smaller towns without underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have the future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long lasting life as well .
She lost her job when war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
Try to fit a heart and bravery of a lion into a small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
All her clothes are from kids section and yet they 're usually too loose .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is a total opposite .
Rest is anything but completely different .
First days I was a little bit nervous but day by day I started forgetting about any competition .
I picked up and heard nice woman voice .
And that voice told me that I am a winner of a third place !
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
I have been looking for a while for suitable university to apply to .
Second , TU - Clausthal has very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
The most common reasons to study a language are the job and travelling .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
Here is a picture from the last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
Micheal tried to hit the door with hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
Micheal seemed to be really happy in this moment .
It was amazing event !
Number of people exceeded my expectations !
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of these happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the thing I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid the hot dogs .
It was fantastic experience , especially for people for which it was intended .
English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
It is very popular pace to visit among tourists .
Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
An example could be the medieval art .
On the other hand , looking at an installation art it is harder to have a clear emotion at the first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
In the other hand , they should learn something new in the summer camp .
A feeling of being completely free , a joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , an incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
If you just learn how to keep a control of your body standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
During the concert I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
It was a very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
All of sudden , my phone rang .
Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen open window .
We also have a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
I was in a position of a leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
Public loves to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that the society wants to know about them as much as it 's possible .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
Also Coleridge had a concept of sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycle bins in their homes .
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid the pollution and its environmental consequences .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
Peter and his father were very busy solving problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
The night had been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence a greatly .
It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
It was like working in a paradise .
I mean , it was September , so I had a one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and people I worked with .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilities our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer group .
As parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of their development .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in business context .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Set in in the late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and the architectural style .
Parents face with important decisions when raising children , not the least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of utmost importance in this regard .
Tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
He also broached a subject of the Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important if it 's developing to the equality or dominance .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Just before the beginning of mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
It depends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably according to individual needs .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in grocery store .
When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
English economy changed from an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners in the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all the God 's creatures .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
Fast food is one of ways to solve that problem .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food to be a part of their daily diet .
Hence , every woman must be able to have abortion as a choice .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure to use appropriate anti conception .
I think that he will be great asset for your college .
I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date comparing to that of other countries is the way teachers get in touch with students and transmit them their knowledge .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progresses the society does year by year , offering always new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
It is weekend and we all together today .
After all this courses that I 've done I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
We found a way to help a lot of people to live happy life and enjoy what they have .
Friends , colleagues , family all thes people who was next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important status robotics has in the field of engineering .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had a great value in training for surgical treatment .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Two groups of participants were asked to do suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
However , disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
Besides influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve application of robotics .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
Though you might be fighting for long and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
I 'm still looking for the one suitable for me .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share a transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
However , there 's a hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
We have found this kind of agent in the songs with the love relationship as the subject .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to the society .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite its crimes .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects population the most is Facebook .
Proposal to improve School 's facilities for language learners .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building that offers enough space for smaller classes .
Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
The access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
On the other hand , I have been in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me very long until I finally put my finger on it .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with its own characteristics and personalities .
Furthermore , I am fluent in English language , with good writing skills .
NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
As for my city , the mayor gives environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
a different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
The action takes place in Japan , in times of samurais and witches .
I also liked the plot built on a base of a Japanese legend .
And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
It is generally believed that the invention of car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Though being good enough , yet the growth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of the cars , our lives are enriched .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day from the work .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that the social life has more of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within city limits .
Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires had been ruled from .
Topkapi Palace was built in 1470 's and Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in your hotel room during my stay .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and effort made by bank workers .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis were best friends since the elementary school , he had to do his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all books .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increased funds for the educational sector .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only a very few controls are done on the quality of what it 's actually broadcast .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of the parents or the fact they usually have no control nor way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
In his early age , he lost his mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from mother like other children , his father married another woman .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in the society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent life as we deserve .
It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
I usually travel by public transport and it is the half of the cost than if I do it by car .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse our palate .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraint and timing .
My tea was brought out with teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses the magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one side of the magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Last week , we went to The Mountain Fuji .
The mountain was half - melted with glacier on top .
This clearly shows that football needs a strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
My second advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
A successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express oueselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of job they have .
People who decide to work in show - business or media have to be aware of having less privacy .
what is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives so above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
Clean and adequate water supply system is vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
Water treatment must meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
Although an understanding of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2500 years ago in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
Assembled around those long tables , you will find the smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online thereby .
As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
During my staying there I was responsible for taking care of musicians and contacting media .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
But I think there is an exception : monarchy .
I think Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
Here you will find all trendy brands and much more .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
Yes , that 's true that the car is far more convenient than the public transport .
High cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take an old good bus , just like 100 years ago .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You can be sure that I had a time of my life .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
Not always car is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far more convenient to use underground than a car during the rush hour .
With car we are more independent than with public transport .
At present I am uncertain about the number of the students , but it will probably be about 15 .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filled the complaints .
The majority of people were of opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
This is very popular sport and very useful for your health .
Some football players are world famous ; they make excellent careers and take part in each championship .
However , they become more and more popular even among the beginners .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of EE.UU .
What I did not in Vacations
During vacations I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during vacations .
Indeed , what I did in vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion world after a few years ) .
Living without Internet : Is it possible ?
What if that the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
He praised the Michael 's work .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
The sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet individual 's needs .
We can define it by list of TOP music charters on music channels .
It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
Also I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
Train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
As a member of student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
If you prefer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
It was really exhausting , but illuminating experience .
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all that problems that I had with my grandmother .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all that famous castles and churches .
Luckily , we got a word of a dancing school .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with the global food security .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
But , on the other hand , traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
The by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in France " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
If the French and British spoke the same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 per cent .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and attractive tourist location .
The admission 's tickets to the most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially the pickpocketing .
In addition , the homeless people have to sleep in the street .
The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle the crime .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for hosting city and the tourists .
I decided to go to my parents and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
That day was a start of my scientific career .
This leads , among other things , to the ability for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of the behaviour .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense that I have already practiced .
Second advantage of doing martial arts is how to respect others .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
Third one is movement and coordination between different parts of body ; eyes , hands and legs .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to the classmates what activities need to be done .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of the European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent building , and where you can enjoy the last technologies and have fun .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it for yourself .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
I did n't know was happening , and why they were acting like this .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English ; I realized that , although the classes were important , a systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on the camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people that , fortunately , had a radio .
I have just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and great time with you .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim doing something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put your pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy any minute of it .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
As you know , if you have normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to move themselves around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
This leads us to a conclusion that the process of bank notes creation is secure as well as simple .
My boyfriend is the best in all the entire round world .
This blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for other particular reason .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made a progress back in the other city "
Home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
Even now we can buy TV sets with Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves why would we connect every device in our house to World Wide Web ?
Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate the life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
Although there are many people and animals are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
This is because all the people dream for a better future .
It is already in practice in western world .
Having own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
Whether to go to work or other places travelling in private vehicle is hassle free .
It saves lot of our time .
We can not deny that there will be time when no person would like to travel by bus or train .
It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
However , the public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
Using the car can be more flexible for some individuals .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
This variables influence the behavior of employees .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxation , due to a fast pace of life and stress .
Smoking appeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief for a short period of time , that is also quite reasonable .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for everyone .
So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
For the same reason government needs to control the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
Another phenomenon can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
This can lead to the loss of profits from upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates a colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken area is social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
Consequently , drought has led to severe social impacts of natural disasters .
Not only human beings but also all the organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to middle class prefer pink and green colours due to some psychological reasons .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or a colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
In my opinion there is future for public transport .
The countries will have Crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
I have fond memories from my childhood , she was always cheering me up when I was in my sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeing well .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
First of all , I would like to say that the young people have worse health nowadays .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist the temptation .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made a child believe that one is able to travel through it anywhere .
She loved watching printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking the math homework with programming of the music equalizer .
Kateryna was frustrated with classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas on practice .
The sport that I like the most is Dancing .
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it the most .
The influence of the grown - ups : great or not so ?
Secondly , adults can offer advice to the youngsters .
This might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are seen as the wiser people .
They ignore using full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you followed these advices :
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
However , everything starts at the level of education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
Environmental problems that touch us all .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
Finally , she saw the lights of the approaching car and ran toward the car .
I have a MSc in Food Science and PhD in Biochemistry .
The modern times have raised the concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
In the recent years there has been a great change in consumption habits .
In my opinion it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
We can know this just by comparing the life now and 50 years ago .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Second , I am quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
And finally , I am kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
Another problem is the genetically modified food products .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that struck the contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure the food production in the period of drought .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with the less use of chemicals .
The purpose of the survey was to discover popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
More than a half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two and more times a week .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on a big screen every week .
There is an evident tendency to the decline in the active ways of spending free time .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
It was not an easy task to find a new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting the society .
This could be a drawback because not all the people are up to the task .
Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from lack of privacy .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of private life .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
Everything that goes on in the famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
On the other hand , not everybody prefers to reveal the secrets of the private life .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it putting the signature .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in an organisation of this month 's concert .
I 'm writing to tell you about my experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced the international relations not just within post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
So long as for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in the American society .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to its peak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
On the August 20 , " New York Times " published the article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
The American press summing up the era of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New York Times wrote .
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend the democracy .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status for his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had knew a little about him .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which have acquired broad and irreversible character .
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among American mass - media .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of the new states and following referendums on their independence .
Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for establishment of new independent republics .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love the Opera .
Anyway , , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with the nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
I hold an opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
Greenhouse gases have already posed grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
Classes are being held much more interactive than in the previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances and the right way to handle it .
However , metros and buses are equipped with such a powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit South of Italy .
Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in the past .
Concerning your inquiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to get an authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
First of all , the public transport is obsolete .
In summary , the public transport is dying .
Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are that traces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
Besides , I have undertaken an internship at the HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
During these 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
This is kind of the real vacation for me .
There are always the differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
When I finished the high school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
I also learned that men think in a different way from the women during the day .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
What happens in future will be decided by what happens now .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but in future they may not have a choice .
I personally think that the film transmit an interesting view of the psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problems .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at convenient time .
Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
3 . L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
To sum up , it is important motivating the young people to do physical exercise .
It all started with jumping over the big black trashcans .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
I knew that skating is the thing I want to do for the rest of my life , the thing I want to tell people about when they ask me what your favorite thing to do is .
The more we get deep into the conversation , the more I want to learn this type of skating .
I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth and eyes .
After couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach the perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and extravaganza shopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
I 'm kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
Someone designed all things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
Advertising has similarities with the art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges that come my way .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
It was fantastic to take a part in that enterprise .
I met those boys next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the test initiation .
If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to view the races from behind a curtain .
Today it is fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
These guy was called Mark and he was engineer .
The first 2 years all was perfect until the day number 734 .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
I had to stand because we were shifting our house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
Sale promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks sales promotions provide .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of a volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
All of this abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
With any new course , there are some certain expectations one will have .
This was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is the point that I have never considered before in a design process .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve water scarcity problem .
For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
In this way , those states of drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and global environment .
While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in a long term .
Facial expression is said to be more important for the film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in the stage acting .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use during the acting .
The only thing that differs is that film actor has several takes opposed to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in rush hour because of traffic jams .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits a freedom of choice .
In my view the best solution to all problems would be limitation of private transport in the centre but not absolute banning .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows a new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on a video - therapy , which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
All in all , if you want to read about an effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
We all know the situation , when we are in supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
The product without brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
The effect of media on people is clearly noticeable here .
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially the crowded places .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in the European modern history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized at the internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing a double role of legal consultant and sub - manager , when I was only 22 years old .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research applying the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in an international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars there will be more money for the improvements .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to better future .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages car provides .
It is a fight for the better and healthier future .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from wet chemistry laboratory and from microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Suppose that we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand of a particular analysis .
I agree with the fact that as soon as your life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and a modernisation of leisure faclilities .
It gives me the feeling that most important of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
This is easy word to understand , but it hides more than defination says .
All the people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of accident .
No , it is not rational because according to the economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
After this , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of the staff .
I am extremely interested in prosperity of your company and distribution of your goods all over the world .
As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in the Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
I work as accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and the dark ominous atmosphere .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of the Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; instead the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
Variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from the morning to the night .
Every day the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
The time in the university is the most important time in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this was disadvantage but this was not true .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As a result we all know what to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
Second , open discussion in the class help you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of the society .
However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn continuously influence every member .
Learning in schools , however , provides valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , proves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in touch with the nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with ocean and sea once for all .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by skin but my heart .
Like in all the seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy the works done in that language .
We are delighted to inform you that charity dinner was a success .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance our event .
We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in the others .
Any decision changes future .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is a cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
I would appreciate it if you could send me necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
I graduated from the University with specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
It works towards allowing all the EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
He lived in Toronto , which is cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in number of viewers and players .
There is probably an array of motives to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
However , possibilities to make the youth healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the ground for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to get youngsters fitter , lies in the modernity .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in the early infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow as child prodigy .
This research project will provide us with better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
Many people do breakfast in the bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
I guess that is why I am a bit workaholic .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
That brings us to second point : resources .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
In this class there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about American Motor Industry .
Kyiv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
For example , if they do not have enough money that is needed to have home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get a financial support by government .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
But incinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destruction of the habitat of wildlife .
It took him three days to calm down and put the things in perspective .
However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academic institution .
Scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has ability to deal with problems in fairway .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in careers .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon the formal qualification in future .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of the day
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
The system , which was in practice since the British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
Strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of the perfect life and the people in the undeveloped areas are strving .
During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris where I studied political sciences and international management .
I have done an internship at a reception in one of the best VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
That woman knows how to put a smile on kid 's face .
Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
She also has pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
Parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
Nana gives me feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
It is creepy feeling .
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as Italian teacher .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really happy to tear them a smile !
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without destination !
When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
