I think that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
All summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
I think that smile is the best gift in this world .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are had competition .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after children very well .
I am waiting yours answer .
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very interesting .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
I always want to read these type of book .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
They listen to the music and can we are singing .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
But pay a little low .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
If your friendship is real , you will always find point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
3- it exercise all muscles of your body
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of our village .
From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather than
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
One year is not long period .
But benefits after year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
It is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
This is all .
bring glass of water .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Sometimes , I play it near sports centre .
That 's reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
This is not my first time that I study English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
In 1993 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
l wish you will have a impressed time .
It may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
So these are the advice that I give to them .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
Since the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
That weather was partly cloudy .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
My house which got number two temporarily .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
She stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
As a result people can save their time .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
Third one is comfort level .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
no smoking in the public places .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
The advertising is everysite .
In spite of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party .
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
In conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is the soccer .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
My uncle Juan lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Although The federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
What a lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emit less air pollution .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
Nowadays , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It is ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
When people know that they were deceived , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
For example , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
Last but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
House of the future will be big and bright .
In house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
When we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
I would build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If I had such house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
Together we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I 'll study English for 5 months .
Firstly , we can discuss type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
I suppose that books are better than them film version .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
This sport is not just about a physical power .
It is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
We are living in a ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of past in few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
Today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
When I worked as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
As result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Even though being truthful is crucial in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
My curiosity had put me into a big trouble .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
That is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
Bart is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
I see all these during my morning walk .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
Similarly , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
And he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Not to mention the participation in pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
The bigger the city , bigger the problem .
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
A technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
That 's how I see a home of the future .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
I can recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
The biggest threat is the explosion .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
Dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio .
Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
Why using the first narration ?
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
Real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel in contact with famous people 's children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
I am fan of his batting .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Although the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
Even today , the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
We realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
