I think that public transport will always exist in the future .
Rich people will buy a car , but poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Her sister is 6 years old and you would have to look after her every weekend .
Thank you for your e - mail . It was wonderful to hear from you .
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
The manager of this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
All these initiatives have made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United . They are brilliant . They have amazing football players , and they are awesome .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and got mad , saying that she was lying and did n't have a heart .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid being stuck in traffic .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can make a contribution to productivity growth .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we had a competition .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
What does " Family " mean ?
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
This advertisement for a job has been read by a suitable person .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
I am looking forward to your answer .
Yes , I started my lessons last month and it 's very interesting .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
I always want to read this type of book .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs . Economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
They listen to music and we sing .
Jason is my friend , he is drunk and he also dances with his girlfriend .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to climate change .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
But the pay is a little low .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
When Tom saw his house , he sneaked into his house and saw his aunt Polly crying for him .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
My school has a unique reputation for its friendliness and the quality of education .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
It 's not just a hobby ; it 's more than that .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
My mom and my dad are good people .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
3- it exercises all the muscles of your body
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of this village , we really care about the environment of our village .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after the final exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
One year is not a long time .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
It is small but comfortable and famous for its big burguers .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
I agree with the opinion that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
That is all .
Bring a glass of water .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
This is not the first time that I have studied English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won its first world cup and that changed the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He was the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
l hope you will have an impressive time .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
So this is the advice that I give to them .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
The longer we bury our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
The weather was partly cloudy .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
My house was number two temporarily .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
She stay in bed and did nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never worked .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to classes .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I had the possibility of going , I 'd already buy the tickets .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
The first reason is its speed compared to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
As a result , people can save time .
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than train or boat .
The third one is comfort .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel . It would be the best award for a student who has attended high school .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
no smoking in public places .
establish factories outside of the village .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
However , I sometimes do skipping to keep myself fit .
Michael was excited because he was a great writer and he decided to enter .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
There are many discussions about the future of public transport .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn good money and you have a cultural experience .
Advertising is everywhere .
In spite of this range of media , TV continues to be the most important means of communication .
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
He invited all his friends from the team and had a party .
Even if I am not very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to do is swimming .
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
The bus stops at Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for Spring Street .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in big companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
In conclusion , the diagram gives the quite precise process of making bank notes .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dżem band . I talked to them and we had lunch together . They 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the latest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
That way , we would have been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of your life ?
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
I guess that in our future there will be no helicopters , and not even any cars .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
My favourite sport is soccer .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for soccer .
I know health is very important , so if you do this sport there is a high probability that you are healthy .
Soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In this way , visitors will be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious flavour that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter play an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
For instance , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see all the daily activities which are posted by them .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
What lovely weather today !
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
The city council has conducted several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens . For example , children learn at school how to separate waste .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using a car and they will create less air pollution .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , which is over 6 thousand years old .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile has become the most important transport line for Egypt .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has a negative side as well as a positive .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Anyway , a lot of Egyptians still live far from the main water artery of the country and can hardly find clean water to drink .
In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
It has been ruined through the ages , but now people understand its importance and take care of it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
If we do n't do it , one day we 'll wake up in an eternal traffic jam .
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is really useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip easier and more comfortable .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
Due to climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
When people find out that they have been deceived , that their trust was betrayed , heads will roll .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
Even though cars can provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be ignored .
Last but not least , public transport allows people to do other things which are impossible when driving .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already organised a lot of activities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plan we did work sharing for all of us .
My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
Actually , everybody was worried because they had given their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird flying freely .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the suburbs of Artem or Vladivostok .
If I had this house , I would decorate it in a modern style .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to install a barbecue area in my garden .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
It will be helpful if you found a small apartment near Cambridge University where I 'll be studying English for 5 months .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
It is a flavour similar to being in heaven or in paradise .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
I disagree with the statement above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society : the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
Some of them think that books are more interesting than their film versions .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
Furthermore , books develop the imagination of the reader .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
This sport is not just about physical power .
It is a combination of physical power , technique and mental power .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
But if you do not , there is always another solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
Cars need to be repaired . Besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
Secondly , another reason is global warming , because the atmosphere is very polluted .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
We are living in an ever changing world .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
However , the important point to discuss is whether it will be a positive change or a negative one .
Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
In times of joy and sorrow .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
He stood up and said to his girlfriend that he needed a break and he had to be alone .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think the swimming pool is clearing .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
And that is a negative point . These dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to exchange the ones we have for underground ones .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a perception that a car can give you freedom of choice .
Indeed , cars increase pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . " On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth could be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
These are two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My curiosity got me into big trouble .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which show them in an embarrassing situation .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
I know that catching a celebrity doing cleaning or taking a dog for a walk is shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
That is a very good idea , because that rubbish undergoes recycling .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
There were two rooms , a smoking room and a non - smoking room .
As I was eating with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef . It was very tasty .
Legalization of drugs is an argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of exclusion .
Also , this illegality is responsible for the attraction of drugs because the majority of people start using drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been living for the last ten years .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
I see all this during my morning walk .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
Similarly , people in countries with a lower income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but that is what happened .
I am writing to apply for the post of summer camp counsellor currently advertised on your website .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
Coming back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at Imperial college .
That day did not end with the tacos . After a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
The seafood is delicious there . My recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with amazing company , as I did .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
And we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't an ordinary boy . He was Felix !
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It goes without saying that this kind of behavior sends the wrong message to the young .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
Dickens and Charlotte Bronte often use a first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wishes to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same level of 52 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
This analysis will consist of evaluating the Council 's eco - friendly proposals .
The program represents 2% of employment in the city , but it needs to expand .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
Most of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by a lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
Technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We 'll have the possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
In our service there will be more machines and robots with artificial intelligence .
That 's how I see the home of the future .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of local communities .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
I can recall a time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In the exam , I had a question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
The biggest threat is explosion .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
The subjects I 've pursued at high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , have given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
Czech universities provide high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
A dog 's personality is one of its best qualities .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they will find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
Homeschooling may also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even family life .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to do it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
Especially in big cities where there are traffic jams , public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use public transport .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are the driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to leave or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
Most of us are living in big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What if we used public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do n't have to worry about a parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
Why use first person narration ?
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane . In the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The real problem starts when journalists injure not the celebrity , but their friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , which may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where I should go .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
Greater awareness leads to a general rise in the level of protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
I am a fan of his batting .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
It is a symbol of a thousand years of Polish history and culture .
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
Science fiction often depicts the future as a world where cars are used freely .
In conclusion we can say that , from the standpoint of doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in their next fight .
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurrence is for some good .
It may well - but will Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at this environmental cost ?
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain . Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course . Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Although old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It is up to the average person to decide if this alteration will be for better or worse .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
We realize that countries which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
Computers have had a most significant impact on people in the latter 1/2 of the 20th century .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from church and state issues .
