The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
I want to be fit and have good health .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I want to work in your cafe .
I like a lot of food and drink .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
I have two parents , like most people .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
This is the power of information technology .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
Build public transport in a city , not in the country .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
You can start playing cricket game .
We can be famous and earn more money .
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
In today 's society .
The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your mind .
It also helps us in our studies .
I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
so the government must take action to make it easier .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
They must maintain the roads .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resources like petrol .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
But the main concern will be technology .
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Thank you in advance for the information .
They would consider you as an independent person .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
It was a well planned holiday .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
It is a story about a little lion and his life .
But he gets to know Timon and Pumba and they make Symba believe again that life is good .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
When I have free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
In fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
That 's the first fact ,
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at restaurant # 57 , which is on the third floor of Gum .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
I remember two contrasting moments . One day , we had to create a team to do an exercise which used the brain ; they chose me .
Later , people continue in language schools .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
It 's a good idea to improve my English writing .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Remember that stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is raised gently by a special type of ink .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
No need to pay the full amount , because they have many people who board the bus .
Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Public transport will have a future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
We are going to travel to France this holiday .
However , taking your own car is much more useful .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
Because the majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
But time changes and things change with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - dirtiest cities in the world .
The presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to the result being released .
My goal is admission to National University .
Continue studying
Everyone in the world has a goal .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
In the middle of the main street , which is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
I usually go two days a week but next month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to enter a local competition .
It was a great idea !
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
The rest of them will be disposed of .
I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountains .
Since I was seven years old I have been on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
yours sincerely
I think you should go to a large school in a town because there you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in a town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
In a town you can do everything fun .
I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
In general , people have the possibility to study in libraries or using computers .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
Think about a family 's routine .
They listen to you , discuss your problems .
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
I think style is very important in our lives .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We played football every day in school and I was the best .
I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has her own life and the choice to decide what she wants .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Their systems are no longer good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
It is concluded that these kinds of developments will be put into action for all schools shortly .
Since that time , we have been very close until now .
When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
Using public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
private cars reduce infections .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
I am looking forward your to reply .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
These days , public transport shows no future .
Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
Consequently , people prefer to travel in their own car .
As a result , we could have more comfortable public transport .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
Given that those children would have better development in the future , as well as more free time .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
The room 's number was 666 .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
For this reason , we left with our new friend for Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
For me , sport is very important .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
Today I will speak with my manager . I will drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
Do you know a new recipe for cooking chicken ?
It was near to Hyde Park .
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
An hour later , we went to the London Eye .
Then we went to Big Ben .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
It takes you a very long time to get to your destination .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the Champions League .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
It seems that there are not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
The aim today is to provide you with a description of my best friend .
Kike is my best friend . I met him when we were studying in primary school , when we were six or seven years old .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
Young people are most interested in fashion and computer games .
They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have a driving license .
Therefore , I think that I am a suitable person for the job .
l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
When I was a child , my city was dirty because people threw their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
If we use public transport services ,
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
So we must use a private vehicle .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
It was built in the twelfth century .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
It is in the Gothic style .
This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
The castle also has a courtyard .
This museum has monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which emit CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to serious air pollution .
Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
However , the plane is the most dangerous way to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
However , boat is the slowest way to travel .
So , train is an intermidiate way to travel .
Today , people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to reduce congestion and air pollution by encouraging people to use private cars less and turn to using more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
My brother lives in Barcelona with his girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that something different from other bands , something close to an emotional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it grabs you , almost like great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
I 'm a cheerful , diligent and organized person .
I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
For example , I learned about organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for your time .
Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
The car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
There were not any company cars , but now most people have cars .
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like that !
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
These kinds of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
He is an important person because he is the president of the government in Spain .
When Aznar was president of the government before him , he was like a minister .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
One day , my older brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis . He saw a boy who was holding a red hat crying on the branch , not knowing what to do . He stood behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
However , she took half of the money because of her brother .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for a convenient answer .
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them , love them and treat them like family .
Once you raise it , it will regard you as its owner .
Furthermore , your abuse of the cat has violated not only ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take down the photos of the cat being abused and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
It is not a difficult thing to do .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Because I really love to work with people of all ages , and I would like to have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , looking after children aged 8 - 12 years is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always give them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
On the other hand , public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
These aspects or advantages are all that I can say about this topic .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologised for his attitude .
Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
Do you have a best friend in your life ?
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
However , destiny had given him another chance to follow them .
It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
Peter had been kissed by his mum before , but this time was quite different .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings are a part of this ecosystem .
Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
Every time a car is used and more economic .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
Public transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
Television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
Public transport is cheap and friendly to the environment .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
I am writing to apply for a job on a summer camp .
To introduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to receiving positive news from you .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
I felt so bad in the car .
I felt that I could lose consciousness . That 's why I removed the bracelet .
I really do n't feel any guilt .
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all your money .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
I love music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
I have got one sister named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
Combating the destruction of the environment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
Travelling by train is cheep and getting a ticket is easy for us in our country .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can only move on the land .
It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
In India , cricket is worshipped and players are lord .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at the same time .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
Indian people make amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dance in an amazing way .
Using will not only get entertainment but also acquire knowledge .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
When I am running , all the pressure I felt is gone .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
For example , for young people in college , their studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love Formula 1 races .
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fortnight and the training the day before the race .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He decided to write a short essay about capital market abuse , so he considered travelling to Italy and picking up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
This would reduce energy needed for light sources .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in Seoul .
Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
And also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
Thank you for reading .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
You might think , ' why is that ? '
In school , I study German and I like the language .
Added to what I know , that makes it attractive .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
But my family are not my best friends , because you choose your friends , but you do not choose your family .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
They will have to concentrate on the game and enjoy it .
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry are totally different in Taiwan .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit to go to this party .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for my friend , the bride .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He had left the key inside his house !
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
Public transport can connect people .
You can meet all kinds of people .
It 's a kind of socializing .
Public transport is cheaper than a car .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
I think it is true that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
It shows you movies , news and new products .
Who wants their child to see that ?
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but especially for young people who think it is good entertainment to watch the whole day .
The TV people know what to broadcast so that children get addicted to TV .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
I worked in a secondary school for about 2 years , where I gained experience which would be suitable for the current position .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
I looked every day for some summer work and I found an excellent option .
I needed money which I could spend during my study semester .
They explained all the procedures .
The second day was awful .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
The experience is unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
His mom would kill him !
He was the best student in his class .
Mia was her name .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
This is the worst mistake I have made in all my life !
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because society was governed and supported by the president .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
So you can lose weight and gain muscles .
but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
Raise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that life is giving us .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Compared to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us best .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits best .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
Aisha is in her thirties .
It is ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
The tourists returned to their country very scared .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
Today , because of the progress of industry , we have caused so many environmental problems that did n't arise before .
But we should n't make the same mistakes .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive substance in the world .
I swim twice per week .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
It could be strange for others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
The car continues to attract people .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
When it is the holidays , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay more attention to real dangers .
Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
So we can say that travelling in our own transportation is more convenient .
People drive cars to go to work .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
This mode of transport is better for the population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will be cleaner .
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
3- It 's not a hard sport . In all cases I will not be tired after walking .
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
Travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
Moreover , you travel with other people .
You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
I hate that .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
There is one thing that confuses me , and that is the old extension number .
I am always answering wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
I also work in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
There is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
Secondly , if private transportation is increasing faster , traffic is also going to create a major problem , which causes global warming .
And we can see that controlling the traffic is not going out of the hands .
Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
I had a word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
This movie is about what is happening in real life right now , on the other side of the world .
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
For example , a builder needs physical strength to carry cement and bricks .
A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start university , you wo n't be able to remember some important things
Therefore , it is likely that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
In recent years , governments have encouraged people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
When driving a car , we will face parking space problems in a city .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
How many cars for all of the people in the world ?
Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a car .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a big nose and lips just like a human .
I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a higher price than normal to the circus .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a television .
In conclusion , television can entertain and also educate , because television programs do it in an interesting way .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still , the future of public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tablets or iPads , and now technology is part of our lives .
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greatest American writer .
That is an eight - episode film .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally . For example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was called the beautiful game by Pele .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
I am going to communicate to you something about military service .
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after doing my Omrah , I visited several places . Among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
Effective teachers have clear and consistent communication and management skills .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
I try to be a football player there .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
Therefore , everyone must do sport according to their ability .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
In my opinion , people use television for distraction .
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no excuses not to be an informed person .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
The shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
For the last few years , public transport has been forgotten .
People who do n't use public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
But they do n't know about the big problem with pollution .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for people to be more healthy too .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a much better future .
Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for development .
Also , automatic driving technology is already applied to trains .
We love to travel here and there , but this is the place I have wanted to go a since long time ago .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A clean and healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following are my reasons .
You may come across something , such as a luxury bag , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
HOW CAN YOU BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
I am a serious fan of the environment .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quite expensive .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
The next point is the fact that recycling glass and paper is very important .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for our lives .
Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , because it 's our duty .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on this information as per your request .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Hope that this information is useful
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
I expect we 'll be best friends forever .
I was walking to a football training session with my friend Michal last week .
I ran to help them and we also called an ambulance .
It is a small and quite city .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
You can save time and go anywhere more quickly by public transport .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
After a long flight , it reaches an orbit that is a very long way out of the solar system .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
In the town hall , they care about the city center .
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
Above all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help his parents with daily activities .
I am also a volunteer for a youth church club .
All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it has a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
The Forbidden City , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in ancient China .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
Looking on a wider span , cars are available these days according to public demand .
but nobody was opening their doors .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
I have a big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
On the other hand , not everybody can own a car .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing that you really want .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
Therefore , with a good UI design , many people will have a good user experience .
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
Although she tried to hide , she became a great and famous model .
But it was a very brief emotion .
What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
In my opinion , this subject , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
Yara finished one of her training sessions .
Definitely , public transportation does n't have any future .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
Another thing you do not have is ball control .
How to make a real mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
If you come here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
I practise the Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with an old Bejar dancer .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in their heart than anything .
At least I had a stable job , a lover , family and friends .
Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
I think all people love sport .
In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Men and women are possible to interest it .
The aim of the game is to score the most points .
I think I am a good player .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
One summer tomorrow , his sister woke up very early .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
I had played a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , that was freedom .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
They think the student can spend that year in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Was she at school with us ?
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
In the first paragraph , I wrote that transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or work long for it .
To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these coming disasters .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for that ?
Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
I did n't have a long holiday . It was just for 3 days , but those 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to school .
Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
The internet is the best means of communication .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
The Internet can also be used to study and to educate yourself ; the internet allows us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job . Many people use the Internet to work , and they earn money every month .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
Visiting this small village , you will enjoy rural tourism with charm .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering its background first , is n't it ?
For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
It all begins when a daughter comes to visit her mother and her step - father .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will make you think about accidents happening around you .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Everyone wants particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , the real world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
Also , the possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
He has been AC / DC 's mind .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televisions in mine .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the holidays , too .
I ca n't go to the barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
In this game you must play with a team .
You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
These words made me start more
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
Then he worked all night to finish the next month .
Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " whose author is Brazilian .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
The moral is about students not being naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Poland is an amazing and interesting country .
If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rules .
Actually , I do n't give up and always look for opportunities .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
Also , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollution .
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
The government should focus on the improvement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
In my country , weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
You can find work , since you have learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
It was an exciting day , all my friends , family … were with me .
Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .
This a is China - based chain that has recently opened .
The place has a private room and a karaoke room in one place .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to accommodate our farewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
Having a farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
Moreover , they think that controlling pollution is possible .
The serious side of nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that countries try to own , which threaten the peace in the world .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
This is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
We saw a lot of sights , like Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
To get to Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
I like it very much . I play it at a club .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
The lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
The other friends called the police .
The police came with a big investigation .
Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
The waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
However , that is n't protected by the government and its institutions .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
Most people prefer large colleges to small colleges for their many advantages .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
Once upon a time , there was a boy whose name was Michael .
He had very beautiful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smile .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
The stranger was looking for food in the street to take to his family .
Almost every weekend , I go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
This becomes the concern of employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
Travelling by car is very bad .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
Pollution is a global problem .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
Recently , I saw the trailer of a film about vampires .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they are over 100 years old .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to find a solution .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
University education is good for students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
" Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures made from mud and having black rocks for eyes which can be brought to life by an incantation .
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in society .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
The cost of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
The great number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing air pollution .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lives . They are the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
This essay evaluates whether the demerits outweigh the merits .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
This transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
People of all classes can use these .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
Riding a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
Moreover , alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to get well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of society .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
I come back home at sunset .
It is an amazing sport .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
Nowadays , people live in a very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a life as it is possible .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
It is easy to make a boiled egg .
In the future , you 'll have to pay a lot of money for university , a new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not easy , actually .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower . There was no time for breakfast so he decided to buy something to eat near the office .
90% of Americans want to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
When I went there last , it was on my birthday and I went there with my family .
Public transport has advantages and disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there is a huge imbalance again .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
That 's fantastic news !
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
If we live well , we will be more careful with the world .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
She works in a primary school .
My older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family , but everybody is staying or living in a different place or country .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
But I saw an unknown phone number on the display and felt a little bit nervous .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
There is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by credit card or cash .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
Anyway , you could always do some sport in your extra - free time .
I do n't like public transport .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is fast and secure .
Today I felt bad in public transport .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
The first place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from next year .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
In this hour , many people turn off the lights in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the very tall building where the interview place was located .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touching .
First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
The chef can make the menu of the day for dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have a wife and a little child .
My wife 's name is Maritza . She is 30 years old . She is a beautiful and joyful woman . My son 's name is Rafi . He is 3 years old . He is a very handsome and fun child .
When you get the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
I play online with people from all over the world .
I play basketball at school .
Nutritionists recommend a quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from the KA system .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividends are not like before anymore , low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
According to the general world laws about global warming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove traffic jams .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
Morocco is a kingdom , like Spain and England . We have a king and princes .
On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to Big Ben .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
In general , its sales were falling as time went by .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
Despite this , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
The world is changed by time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
Its name is Santa Marta and it is near Trujillo .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
It was the first time for me to play with a cat .
An almond is called LOZ in Arabic .
It sleeps eighteen hours per day .
It chases ants and flies .
It hates water .
my first job was as a babysitter .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
At the end of the summer , I kept on seeing those boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
I truanted and did not pay attention to my studies .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
I am an English teacher now .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
I look forward to your reply .
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
Sport is an important part of my life .
It was strange , because I never went to sports .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthened my immune system .
My most exciting day was June 8th 2014 ; an international competition in Belgium .
When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
This has a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
Fuel consumption has increased in a few years .
The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
Secondly , although friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
Pollution is a big problem for us and the planet .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
Now , people are more aware and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
But this kind of food is expensive and people can not buy it .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
Also , cars will fly , and maybe that will be better for the city .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
No one can deny the importance of public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Li Ren edition .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Qing Dynasty .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
I have my cousin 's wedding next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends . Sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
He gave arms to the whole city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
The World Cup unites the world .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
and the court has one net in between those players .
If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
We are living in a rush world .
In my opinion , it has to be like brushing our teeth .
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
It is one main condition , the rest of your clothing are not important .
I would like to explain about my favourite sport , cricket .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
Playing cricket gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
There are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I have worked for a few different companies and associations in the past .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you will be ready .
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
The prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class to stand in front of the class and speak English .
Jogging : the sport in nature
Jogging is a sport you can start any day .
You have to consider this and go jogging tomorrow .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
I remember that the first present my mother gave me was a badminton racket .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
These programmes are fashionable .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
We saw the stadium , returned to the car and wanted to drive to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this journey .
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped working .
We did n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights ; it was a very dangerous situation .
We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
We were very scared because the car could break down again at any moment .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
That is the reason why their price is so low .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
It is believed that the most important one is the culture barrier .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
When I finish my studies I will spend long hours with children .
I am willing to cook a lot of different meals for them .
I 'm an energetic and responsible person .
I am a responsible person who can cope in a crisis .
The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
A player who can bat and bowl is called an all - rounder .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
Its popularity has spread all over the world too .
People who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
And they said it 's really good for your health .
There is no doubt that man 's lives have evolved .
All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
To my mind , our lives have been improved in these years by smartphones , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we will be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft . In addition , globalization will destroy the cultural traditions of each country .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am perfect for this post .
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of children .
First of all , public transport is rather more convenient than a private car .
The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the seas and rivers .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That was me . I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't a big deal to me . I hated being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that . I knew that I was clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they all did n't get that . They judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks are n't the only way that makes you great now or in the future .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in a successful life . Fight .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
The second facility is public buses .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
It makes a father or mother 's life more convenient !
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
After the action , he can go to a time in the past .
Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use their own car to go to work , school , or whatever .
Some people have their own car , but prefer to use public transport .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
All people should use public transport to reduce the number of cars on the road
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
The keyboard had a lot of buttons and the screen did n't have any colours .
Their screen has colours and HD .
In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
I was especially delighted with the national music and Latin American dances .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be fewer and fewer people willing to take public transport .
I have played this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
Football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
I arrived at school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the last .
What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
In the future , cars will fly and be faster .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
Renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the products .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I worked at a local cinema last summer .
As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
In the flash of an eye , the police came .
The skills he has are wonderful . He knows everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with his back !
Even though most people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
The living room shares an area with the dining room .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
I 'd like to give you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
Few people who live in suburban areas have the following routine :
2 Divide wet rubbish from products which can not be recycled .
It is proven that being part of a project always makes people feel useful .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
There will be on other planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
I think that public transport has a future . Indeed , travelling in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing . No one has enough money to buy a car or maybe two . That 's why there are a lot of people who prefer public transport .
Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
He has very important skills for an actor . These are charisma and charm .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
Its title is " Visockiy " .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
The can play an important role in it .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
First , soccer is a very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
I keep a cool head and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
The crystal clear and mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in their time .
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
It is good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
If it was not true , life would be so much better .
The meals were very good and in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or because people have a bad life .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
I was waiting for your email .
then practice does the rest .
It was a great time for me .
The first year of university , I revealed my love to him .
I had a love affair .
He said that he wanted to be best friends as before .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
Mini vacations are a break for us to have fun and good times with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child were different .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
There is a unique atmosphere !
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
That will cause global warming .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
My parents are good guides .
My mammy tells me a story at night .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .
He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find the wirepuller .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars per year about ice cream van .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
What fine weather today !
The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
They sing joyfully and build their nests .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
In March , we set forward our watches an hour .
The days are getting longer but nights are getting shorter and lighter .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the summer holidays with impatience .
As soon as I have sat all my exams , I will travel .
As they say in the English proverb " travel broadens the mind " . In summer you can switch off from your daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
I think that may be the reason she had Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
She was not even able to lift a single finger tip , as if she had been turned into a stone statue .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
She could n't open her mouth to say anything at all .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
Often they explain and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the room , and the light is off .
- feel a lot of pressure on their body and can not move in the dream .
Some experience this very easily and often .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
When it comes to travelling , you must not miss the night markets .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you will fall in love with it .
It was half past seven and his class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to deceive his mother .
When his mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
I went to the nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
Teach us about debates .
How to be good debaters .
A hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
The hot spot helps to get more confidence .
Great debaters have to believe in their idea .
I do n't know is n't an answer .
A debate is combat .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
Otherwise , when people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
So some counties do not force people to join the military .
In contrast , it could be a benefit that improves their mental maturity .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
Then , dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
The favorite sport of many people is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a bad day , because the other players can sympathise with you .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effort .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
Then music changed to multimedia .
Drivers drive the cars at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than other circuits .
The falling leaves could block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
The future of public transport is fading away . You might ask why .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
Those are the main reasons that could make public transport disappear .
Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
But , some people do not think like this and take it more easy .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there are no longer any public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Halloween is a traditional holiday in the USA but the original history came from the Celtic people .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes will be abandoned and destroyed in a fire .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I won a championship because , in that period , I swam as a competitive athlete .
I did some research and these are my findings .
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
For example , organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can the glass .
As a consequence of an increase in the number of private cars .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
I was manager at a retail store .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in hospital for 14 days .
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa World Cup too !
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but I probably spend more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
So an important historical place is St. Katherine 's castle .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
Next , a boat is usually very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
In addition , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on both sides of the river .
In my life I have had big experiences that have made me change and mature .
I used to live in assistent house . It was the first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I moved to an apartment with two friends .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
We have been friends since we started to talk , but our friendship has changed over time .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
With time we became closer friends .
For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with family , friends and relatives
You need to play it in a team .
When I 'm playing this sport I have great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in the future .
I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th in the local newspaper .
I have worked for the last 10 years as a teacher in junior school .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
And there is good communication between us .
In my opinion , every family must have good communication , because I think communication is one of the most important things in our life .
We use communication all the time .
However , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
I live in one of the most beautiful countries - Ukraine .
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of the reasons I am about to give .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Although traffic jams , accidents etc .. .
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
In conclusion , governments should work on that , because people need public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
Second , beautiful tourist places like Venice .
Venice is a city that is based on water .
I think that 's why this city can maintain a safe environment .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is a Berner Sennen/ Landser .
I went to an awesome concert of points of view and I look forward to telling you how it was .
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
In my opinion , the price of a ticket on the bus is expensive .
We can stop and do some mental arithmetic and we can see the large amount of money we spend each year .
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
But Michael sometimes has a problem .
People should walk more than before .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
However , there are many reasons that can cause business to drop off .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
The above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would bring more potential to improve business in Central Plaza .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that affect business in the plaza .
To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into the argument .
I have a big family which consists of three sisters and one brother .
Cocaine is the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
Your new house near the beach is very nice .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
And at the end of the summer , the girl leaves , but next year she comes again . But this time , she has a boyfriend and this breaks Noa 's heart .
First of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
He is a Polish basketball player .
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find good work .
If you have any problems , you can call me ! !
For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
These programs are not just for killing time , but for educating .
It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
The invention of the car made people 's lives easier .
But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a busy day not many can really enjoy their journey .
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
The progress of technology is very fast .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
Public transport in the near future
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for tourists to spend their money in my city .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as the king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if that is possible .
She can make a very exciting show and surprise her fans .
They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
I will talk about passion in life .
Passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
At the moment we have a nice house with a garden .
Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
It could have flowers .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
I am of the opinion that more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our life .
With the development of technology , people will use other means of transport .
Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do these three things .
First , you have to study hard every single day at high school .
When study hard at high school , you will be
By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that could occur in the future .
If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed in every country .
Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
The first reason is none other than the generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child the best .
Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
Therefore it is important that we should think about this problem .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a positive attitude .
Wellness depends on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
Sport is very important for the health .
Sport increases our physical performance .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
However , football is very competitive .
All the states in the world have their own league .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
Football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nations .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers have to obey the orders of humans .
And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
The special effects are amazing .
Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis court .
Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
The connectivity derived from the Internet provides an invaluable business tool for online banking .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of updated technologies .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
We are a married couple , both 32 years old , living at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for a start and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
If I were a football player , I would like to play in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because only the best players get to do it .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compression machine ?
Please , send us the actual strip material price .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the future .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
I do not have experience working in a kitchen .
It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
We planted trees near the side of highways , unused land , and outside of the city .
The trees also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
He is an orderly and clean man .
He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
I have a father , a mother and three sisters .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
In the past , I did not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and loved to get anything new for my sweet home .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
It 's a really expensive solution , but we must do that for
Humans prefer a luxurious life .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park and beautiful landscaping .
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
I have good abilities , such as , organizing activities and helping the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a few more places that can be exiting .
You can visit the old city and see old buildings and the castle , you can see the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
This is why I believe that field trips are good for kids .
You know I was there on a trip .
After that , I lived in a flat .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have free time I sit on it and read a book .
There are three sofas around the coffee table and it is so comfortable .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects things from breakage .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and people prefer to travel in their car .
Thanks for your letter .
We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
At this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
To be on my own and watch other people live .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
I live in a city , and for many people like me , the most convenient transport is public transport .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in traffic congestion .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reducing pollution
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
A representative to carry out an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
The investigation reveals that youngsters are more than ever power to
In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
But there is active construction of new roads , road junctions and improving of roads .
Our lawns are also a problem .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of the town have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
Mr. Chou is a famous doctor in my country .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
I ca n't agree with this point of view for the reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for the future of humanity , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
She was terrified . She started thinking about the possibility of death .
George had lost his memory , and he could n't come back .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
Any Anyway , in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
I 'm a committed , responsible , and organized person .
I think that I have enough experience for the job .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
I always went to school on foot .
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
Lima is among the top ten cities that have the messiest public transport in the world .
I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
In all cities of the world , people will need public transport to get around the city .
People think that public transport is only the buses , but public transport is the buses , the taxis , trains and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
I would like people to take public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
One there , a man , raised his hands and called to God .
It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in time for bed .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
All the amenities that are necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building can be found here .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
It is not quiet and it is an active city in different ways .
If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
I come from Hallstadt , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
So , normally , the use of a car is for pleasure .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
The television can entertain , and also educate people .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
First , I believe you should travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every year of Jaiwu .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by bad weather happened first .
There were also conflicts between western countries and ISIS .
It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
It is warmth that is needful for us .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
but these things are not important if there is not a comfortable atmosphere .
First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
I think that public transport will have a future for many reasons .
A man could have some problems with his health .
For example , if man had a broken leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
The bus is a democratic form of transport , which is used by students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is the best decision to travel by bus .
And it 's fun and exciting to travel with a group by bus .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of a bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
I want your help .
Recently , I saw Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to say that I am looking forward to watching the next one .
He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
And I am fond of a Russian team .
We are taking part in a championship this year .
I am waiting for the final of this game .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
I am Xyz . I am 18 years old and I am a student .
I am was asking to me if you want to go to a party with me ?
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
You can go to a swimming club . That is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
Cause of my leg was hurt .
As a result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
My last job was working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
The second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of a team and all the team play as one person .
I play football every day with my friends at a club .
I think everyone should have a private life .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was volunteer work - closing the door after people that came out of the concert hall .
The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
I live in Spain at the moment .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job . Maybe you could have a part - time job in a cram school .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run . I knew it was because of nerves .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
It seems more convenient to them to get around on their own rather than be tied to public transport .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase a car .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
It 's impossible to stop science .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn faster than elderly adults .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
But the best of all for me was the sinking of the ship , when it went down to the bottom of the ocean .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in my ordinary life , in everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrated , sick of passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
I advise parents to let children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also clothes .
Nowadays , we have hurried lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
You can play it at any age .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
Those films are really good . You have a drama , a romance , and a thriller ; those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
They would notice quickly because the fish would smell worse than it already did .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it thought before you finally decide .
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
Men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It makes studying more effective and comfortable for us .
We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
- I 'm just a late riser .
I will send you a list of them .
- No , I just want to know your opinion as an expert .
Try not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
- What about coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is a good thing .
Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
So I could take advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
The condition of public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
There is another problem which relates to safety .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which would lead to more advanced and high - quality teaching .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in a Joint College Entrance Examination .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
And skiing .
That 's one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be outside , instead of walking or snowboarding .
On the other hand , I might get a cold and a temperature or something like that .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
They lived in a small town in Massachusetts .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
When somebody travels , that person wants never to forget the place he has visited .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly , we all know that public transport is cheaper than private transport .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by science .
In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
In everyday life , the internet has become one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influential .
However , this news can be false .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Later , I had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who did this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at the moment .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improve , public transport will eventually disappear .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
Let 's start hiking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
Instead of taking your seat directly home , you need to go to a more or less distant place in order to take public transport and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
The first point which I would like to mention is cost .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us study harder and that is not so easy to do with teenagers .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are signs where you can see the time less .
It is awful if you do not have private transport .
In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
When I grew up , I realized sooner than later , that I would never be either a good or a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
Students who go to study in another country experience variety of life .
Birdwatching really relaxes me and brings me closer to nature .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
The rest of the respondents gave positive feedback .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
Hong Kongers , being Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is disobeying Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying Wall Street , the US did not seem to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
For example , I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher has explained in class , but just remember the facts .
He is so brilliant ; he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
We found very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very popular , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
I was wearing a short red dress and black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with brown trousers .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
The guy who killed that boy really needed to have an INCENTIVE to kill him .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
The other benefit of living abroad is incredible personal experiences .
I hope you got a high score at school .
If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
For years of wars and difficult situations , history was creating people 's beliefs and convictions .
I want to describe the story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at first sight .
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
They are really close to their children in terms of feelings and emotional matters .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
But luck was n't with me !
This is a documentary about science .
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
It 's nice to go through the shops and leave with hands full of bags .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got a first - aid certificate .
I enjoyed the time off from university .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
As such , we develop through interacting with our environment .
While on holidays from university ,
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
While on time off from university ,
This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
The car has brought an epic change to our lifestyle .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
the subway has become the most popular commuting tool .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over driving a car .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US showing that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games . They hardly do any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that recent studies by WHO have revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
How are things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that stress decreases considerably .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
On the basis of a more balanced and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
On the opposite side of the National express bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch the 712 bus .
You can go anywhere you want , even during the night when public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced traffic chaos .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
It does not need fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
Only by looking in the eyes of stone - cold danger can he evade disappearance himself .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
This is a story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It is more possible to lose contact with a friend than with your family .
From my point of view , friendship is based on honesty .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from communal living .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
These courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , a country I have always wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an aborted foetus .
Science nowadays has developed a lot and has given the population a lot of possibilities , like storing stem cells and using them to treat future health problems anyone can have .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
When women spend hours in the shops , men must go with them .
First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like things which they have to do .
But , if you are a woman and you have lots of money and time , you will always be content during shopping .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
But that is Michael .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
And that was how Michael was at that moment .
You 're always like this .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about an incident because they think it is embarrassing to tell others about this .
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
What training do you offer ?
Thank you very much for your help .
What about relationships ?
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
Even if you look for good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have experience of working with children .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the weather in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your tiring trip .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both national and international programmes .
As a result , quality would be guaranteed .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for whole days .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
To finish lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on memory .
Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
I should present a little bit of the history of it .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And the phone number you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in the medium term will be transport .
Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they could n't " come out " because of their managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find a way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
People have been debating about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
After winning another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
These means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with ideal footwear .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
Only the results will be recognized at the end .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Being a waitress or something like that is well paid and not so difficult to do .
In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this would be the best option for our class .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
I guess that the name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , which is awesome .
And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
Another dream job for me would be art - director .
Parkour is a discipline in which the main purpose is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and fastest way , without causing any harm to your body .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for public transport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , public transport will disappear .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
At school , children are learning how to use less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
Tomáš Baťa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The general public are using public transportation more than before .
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had a chance .
And I used English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown make us feel history itself .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
Its products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the famous natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observed by the press and magazines .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after taking part in the School Aquathon and saw others improve and not just me .
The hottest issue nowadays is global warming .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for ordinary people to know how a politician lives so they can know if he should be trusted .
I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
He went to church on that day .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
The park was sealed by green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
The only thing they could clearly hear was : - But this can only be caused by contamination , although this windy day hasn't helped .
The internet has caused me depression once . I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
What is more , I am sure that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is fame .
I found the advertisement on your website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
How do famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
After you have seen the Coliseum , the basilica of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
As a martial artist , you start to achieve great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
These are the most important facts about me .
In my case , I really like doing spinning . I used to do it only twice per week but now I do that any time I can .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including further study without a chance of work or anything else .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
My programs are for old people in different villages .
I want to have kids and a family .
God , save us from evil .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who in their school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia . The two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
Well , I have good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last week when I went to the cinema .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see perfection .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
I think today 's television is still good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence . The more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Mechanical problems can often be costly problems .
On the other hand , public transportation is inexpensive .
Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be the optimal choice of transportation .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
The health improvements of some children could be considered a miracle .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations has led to our camp not being possible this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for elderly people .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about getting to know her grandparents .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them . Then both kids understand that their grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really liked it after she showed me .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
Television still has something important to show .
I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
Their jokes were very funny .
I saw parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
After all , this is hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her a strong will to succeed .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will commit myself to doing my best to make your summer camp one of the best .
Most developed countries developed a public transportation system to lower the impact of a growing population .
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
This hobby gives me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds . One of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds . Each bird has its own special voice .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it gives us the sense of nature and fills the house with joy and happiness .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
In that case , there would be huge chaos .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for the job in the USA summer camps .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
But all was not as wonderful as expected .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
I think it is an amazing project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
In conclusion , my main problem is concern about how safe the means of transport that I take is , so , the train lets me be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
The ball is usually hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
A feature of volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are scoring points .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence . They begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
I went to a workshop about a light - controlled synthesizer .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
This job is related to my subjects of interest .
I had to work as a liaison with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will soon be depleted , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in place of your sister ?
As a result , I spent time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and important history and culture .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which provide different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The crucial point is the transformations and experienced contradictions of the characters .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is one of the most important things , but I strongly believe it is not always enjoyable .
There are such interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would never have expected or , unsurprisingly , misinformation .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
That 's the point of the Internet .
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's an easy , beautiful language .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
I had hired snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistic and it could happen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watch it because it 's so good .
But I played basketball and tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visit .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
I ca n't agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so society demands itself to enclose it .
The importance of the internet in our lives
The last decades there has been a massive change in our lives . This is caused by the development of the internet .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
It is football .
Is it best for the pollution and the environment ?
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason . It 's only a bad habit and maybe we could change it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking a bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and I also need my car to pick up my daughter from school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
For many years , we pupils have been waiting for a library .
Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
Besides the issues that have already been mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
Another example is cars , which are going the same way as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
It was a normal Friday afternoon .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks that make this place fantastic .
We therefore have to choose other alternatives .
For the sake of that , public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
The share of cars could remain because of electric cars .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
In the future he wants to be a general .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
I 'd prefer that people demonstrate good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and show the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and do good .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of buildings and transport and try their best to decrease the side effects .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , countries would develop better if governments could make efforts to solve the above problems .
Another good point of shopping is the fact that it could be relaxing for some people .
It gives me pleasure and is fun .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
One night she was working at home . She was in difficulty because no one satisfied her clients .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Enjoying the outdoors in my area
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
What 's the description of a famous person ?
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
He was even made to apologize to all the neighboring villagers .
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors can be opened easily .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
That experience taught me how important it is to do whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in life .
He refused to do that .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
For example , paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
He set up the plan and he carried it out .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
The government had to start major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for better coordination of hand and eye .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
Because all people have got predicaments .
But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example , they want to see well - known people with their boyfriend / girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
And the media appear on the scene .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got civic rights just like everyone else .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
That is an experience you can not get by car .
Air pollution makes the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of president Mackinley .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who are the life and soul of the party during their working hours .
This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install software .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
I also think that following famous people could sometimes be dangerous .
For example , when a fan follows a cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredictable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
She was described as the plain Jane of the campus .
The next two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just the blink of an eye .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything that I would like to buy .
Of course , I could go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
In the last season , we reached second place .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show an important social status .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
A car offers comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than travelling by car .
When we arrived , we saw the old house where Michael lived .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
I would recommend this book to people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
I think I would be the right person for such a job .
I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of that Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
It 's a beautiful place for all generations in nature and you can spend all day there .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity gives the possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of the person .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
I enjoyed the summer holiday , it was entertaining and I usually travelled around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
I went to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
So public transport is not an exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of public transport .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
Most of the time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of their time .
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to ward off Evil .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
Therefore , the bactericidal effect of garlic can probably explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant could help in some illness treatments .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities until after one event .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and have a great time with your group .
The last but most important step is the inspection .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished level B1 .
I will start level B2 on the next course .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points have served as a lever to his team , which has improved dramatically .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
Most people in Sweden are Christians .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
Compared with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of Asia .
For education , every developed country is concerned with the issue .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , whose systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
The use of public transport takes more time than using a car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays , even in rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find employment .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in society by globalization .
During that period , I shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to improve their mood .
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is their own car .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
In those cities where the number of residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
I 'm looking for a language centre which prepares students to take the Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've learned about your classes and your method seems efficient .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
Some people suggest that we should avoid treating them this way , while others maintain the opposite view .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I am writing to you with reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
SEAWEED : OUR FUTURE
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
The first was in a bar owned by my uncle , and the second , in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am available to start work next week .
The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
I wondered if he was planning to attend a drama school .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
Send me some tourist information if you have some .
While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Decorating with phrasal verbs
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very happy .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Moreover , I had many problems with English grammar .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
I think I have the appropriate background , my GPA is good enough .
For example , I have successfully completed the " Offshore Drilling " course of " Total " Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a basic need in order to survive .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
I was sitting and waiting in the concert hall .
In the middle of the crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
To sum up , I think television is very good value for money . The point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
I did wrestling at college .
This was during my first year at college .
This sport is done in pairs .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on a project of CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
However the general appearance wo n't be different .
He was admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent surgery .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in cities .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for public transport .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
I do agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we arrive home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy shopping .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy was worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
This was followed by deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Canton Tower is located at the intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
Technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
The pain of jealousy .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in the path of wrong .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
Everybody thinks that home is a refuge .
There will always be a kitchen , because we must eat , there will always be a bathroom - you know why .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of public transport .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in this job .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
After the last song , my dad took us to Bono 's room .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do my best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript . To sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
I am forty - nine years old and I am quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at certain hours you can not find a bus .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
These are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
I would like to apply for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
So , if you prefer saving money and looking fine , you have to visit our outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
In the past , people had to manage their time so they could go to work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
However , others companies will dominate half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
A very different morning
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have a birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in pink paper ?
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he was just so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Technology has reached a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
Secondly , mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to a warzone .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
Also , a restaurant does n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you so little food you do n't get full .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is your leisure , your free time , which means a time of relaxation & meditation .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
To cut a long story short - you must not miss this event !
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
Moving to the ISS , one of them loses his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for survival .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I thought that he would be pleased to get the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking something away .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
However , people have exploited nature since the last century .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population has to do everything on their own .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede the further progress of our civilization .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
A good use of magic is when Oberon uses ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks which help make the game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
She has a lot of experience . She worked in a restaurant for 5 years and can also cook .
Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , do not let you rest .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I do it every day at school .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
The main reason to think there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , it not only increases pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
However , documentaries are being forgotten and only twenty - six percent of them would like to watch more interesting TV series like Lost .
Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel to work daily usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
On the other hand , if I were travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , education is the only way to achieve it .
There are a variety of transport means .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
In my view , public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be affected by the appearance of private means .
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
It 's a beautiful city !
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
In the early days of public transport , people only stuck to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
When it 's good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
It 's also good for the cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
Nonetheless , changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make television a very good tool to get the family together and have an enjoyable time .
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take legal action .
The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from the museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that corresponded to a news report .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was behind the incident .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind bars and the girl went away .
If you are old enough , you can see how far technology has progressed in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
We must pay to receive a psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
It 's a way to deal with the external world .
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
There are many kinds of cafes , ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
To sum up , neither cars nor public transport are considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is common nowadays in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
And the same applies with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
The death of public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
Flowers were in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were turning green .
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
Together they went back home and spent the rest of the day together .
After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Stephan was still listening to music and crossing the street .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
They are both determined to pay more attention to their surroundings .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this , the small difference between ages is also an advantage .
However , progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bringing up their children .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
We can say that Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that run through the chapter and the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
Can use of your own car instead of public transport save you money , time and effort ?
Most people prefer a car rather than public transport .
In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
The popularity of cars confirms it .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go somewhere directly , without finding out information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
I want to learn English , and I go to college twice a week .
Young people should have an experience like this .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
He had been shot in the head .
The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
For example , making life better and more comfortable .
He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
To conclude , there are some important research principles .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
Sometimes , the bus schedule is not suitable for me .
Furthermore , I do not worry about theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started trying on clothes for the next day .
They turned out to be such wonderful people . They treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses next time we see each other .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing a room at that time .
We live in the century of speed .
One of the reasons is time .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy a personal car .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
So wear comfortable clothes and good trainers .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
Therefore , outside school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as math , writing , grammar , … .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and her brother , Luke .
It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and they honestly love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all people love children and can get on well with them .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
I feel so free when I can fly over those obstacles .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
There are so many kinds of problems which environmental pollution causes .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
For these reasons , there will be a future for public transport , always .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
The pollution will harm the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
A " BUG " may appear from a man - made system because of incomplete coding .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan . However , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you worked out at home and bought gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
Family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
Besides these , public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
You may think theatres were fashionable place for royalty , courtiers and merchants .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Three trumpet blasts were given to symbolize the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
Nowadays , many people like doing shopping .
The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
On the other hand , doing shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather use our private cars .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
Governments are responsible for solving these problems to achieve harmony between man , nature and animals .
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
Another way to help is to save electricity , and while doing that , save money too .
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
As far as she knew , she would find out that she was right .
Firstly , just after she went into school , they greeted her with a million colourful balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
She heard music and that is how the party started .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that causes scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds love .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to humans tough .
" Fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to find love when you are invisible ?
It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
The guide decided to go with Max to see the puma for himself .
It was about life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , the way of exercising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
She said it was a present for her aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
A civil servant called him to go to the next room to speak with him .
A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
We 'll see with our own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
This composition is about a famous person from my country .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
Most people use public transport to go to their workplace and travel around the city .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I 'm not a sportsman . I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is running .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
For me it is like meditation . I can think about everything or nothing .
That is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style . It did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
I believe many of us do not have the faintest idea about this sport .
The rules of engagement are quite simple .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
People will have a device that puts out the light when we leave the room .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than any Italian cook .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have the memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
People will start purchasing all items from the Internet .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into a big village where everyone will be able to contact any person .
The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
I hope I will see such a future .
I believe that public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smiley person .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
This film is about the kidnapping of two little girls .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , took English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have lunch with his friends .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more than one TV .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that give this film a really hilarious mark .
It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it produced collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which access to knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
That is why I could adapt the phrase by Franklin , saying that " knowledge can not be killed by people because knowledge is infinite . "
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
So , in this case , money is more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what life would be like in our time .
I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invited schoolchildren to come to the concert .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing the event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save money .
I can call my dad who lives in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
Besides , the greatest invention is the Internet .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
To me , it is boring point when I watch American football .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
Also , I would say you should wear soccer shoes and socks .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in the living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off fireworks .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
Owning a pet is popular today even if your home is in a big city .
Owning a pet would benefit all members of a family .
All in all , owning a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that the pet needs .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
Another example could be represented by first aid activities and so on .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
Usually I go there with my friends or colleagues for dinner or lunch .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on tap and you will not be disappointed !
Everybody knows what separating rubbish into different bins means , but , a large part of society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that do not recycle .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Using respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
In the Edo period , there was a society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , which means peddler .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
Kimono has a very simple structure .
The media , also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens , we are surrounded , directly or indirectly , with loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
I strongly agree with the statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
What about Saturday mornings ?
Football
Football is the most beautiful sport in the world . It 's the dream profession of almost all boys when they are kids . When you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
Students need to take active participation in discussion with their peers .
Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such motivation to go out and do something .
Famous people need love , family , entertainment and support .
Meeting our needs that in the past were n't met .
Society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have interesting lyrics .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
I am addicted to padel !
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
It makes me feel content that I am contributing to society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
Firstly , it is such good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
That 's why I decided to tell you about an interesting place in our city .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there is an ice skating park .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to Gorky Park .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
While studying at University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream !
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
For instance , there is no need to change buses .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
He did not even remember what had happened and a serious headache made him not want to get out of bed .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of the situation .
It 's a kind of social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
So they often need the help of professionals .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
I hold the belief that children are much easier to raise than before .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
I have an example .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use a car to travel and the study attributed this result to walking to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from South Asia .
We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
We need to slow down time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see those breaks in time .
He must n't forget a word of it !
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only do we live in big cities , but we also have no time to waste .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she would find her family and friends .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
Moreover , a small piece of broken bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
The Alhambra : A paradise within your reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
In wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with great weather , you can visit the palace city .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
When you need bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
manually inspected by officers .
Most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
Firstly , knowing what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of football .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage tourists to visit the shops .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with force .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough . I do n't have any financial security .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a different way of life like ordinary girls .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
Only the fastest competitors were given the land .
In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
Imagine the energy that we can save and the pollution that we can stop .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest getting a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
I enjoy doing any kind of sport with my friends .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
In conclusion , public transport will be an excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
The only thing that definitely should be changed in the future , is the approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
All dishes are served with careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of gastronomy in Spain .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol leads to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
So , if you want a bike , to get around easily , you have to get a card which allows you access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
I 'm an au pair .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for luck .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
Another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In spite of the number of cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered a universal truth .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got aviophobia !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depends on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
At first , I was not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball . However , I did n't enjoy those two at all .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try . Just focus on the ball and hit it back .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
It is good to have your unique value system , but stories about people who have been doing good affect you and your future decisions .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to famous people .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
Of course , you can look up to celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Students are taught by highly qualified staff .
Children have to take an entrance examination .
The phenomenon of homeless people has become a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without shelter .
First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today the Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be decided .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you keep your body and your mind active and healthy .
What great news !
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy their whole catalogue .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
You need just the necessary to have a happy long life .
The urban myth that statues can move makes contemporary people frightened .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originating from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
She began to study at a prestigious University .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
In Japan , there are many rules that are imposed in the Sento .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
The location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners come to Poland just to see Cracow city and , among other things , Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
Michael came back from school after a tedious day .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make the right choice ?
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I attended last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during that period of time .
Efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
No future for public transport ?
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
Big cities are crowded with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving through cities .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
I think transport nowadays is perfect .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have arisen . Natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
It can have an influence on their work .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
It can be a benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what people are speaking about in a foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to learn about a country , but not the best way anymore .
That sounds a little bit like the name of any sci - fi or horror .
Will our houses look so terrible in 40 years ?
Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
But maybe they could stop talking to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
Creating fun activities is an important role of summer camp workers .
In Last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
Health channels give ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are being developed to help students .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the person watching .
So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
I enclose my CV to complete the information .
So , you will be able to experience and watch all these amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see traditional dances .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service beginning 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to join the real army .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not , that is the question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
Since public transport decreases the number of people
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking public transport may cut down the carbon emissions .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
For a better life and world , why not take public transport ?
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
He went to a coffee shop .
Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
Tom asked him about insurance and the old man said the insurance only paid 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paying for the surgery of a sick boy " .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
Short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with financial difficulties .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
There are a lot of places where people are building their houses . Perhaps we will be living under water ?
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything has been said and no new forms can be created .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters . For instance , Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia , the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
People will continue to suffer dangerous floods and there will be no end after many years unless the government take effective action to stop flooding .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
Patriotic emotions explode in an aggressive way .
However , I believe that games can not be fundamental ways for sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that make us think about the human condition .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
She became really popular in school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has good weather all year .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior which create a unique and homely atmosphere .
Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
Being a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
It 's a great show , by the way .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try new things , socialize and experience new cultures .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
I would like to help people in the best way I can .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
I think I 'm suitable for any work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out any work you choose to give me .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
Italy is famous for its typical food and rich culture of arts and history .
But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
On a hot day , a lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
Hence , private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
Public transport may take more time to travel and has more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
But he could not travel very fast on a bus in order to reach his destination very quickly .
Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
In my imagination , the future will be more messy and crowded with fewer species of creature but more of us , human beings .
We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of this unrealistic convenience we have .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
I want to specialize in translation concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
It 's quite an architecturally important building , I think , plus there are about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
You can also go to a club .
Not far from the town lies the zoo .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of a business depends on many different factors .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
In addition , an enterprise may do marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money could help the couple buy a house or car for their new life .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
I went to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was assigned to a level higher than mine .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
That evening was so delightful !
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
I thought that he must have called reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
At that moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor came into the bedroom .
Now the question under discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
Well , I think it has a future .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routes to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach your destination .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safety .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have a future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
She lost her job when the war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
Try to fit a heart and the bravery of a lion into the small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a poor immune system and being underweight .
All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is the total opposite .
The rest is completely different .
For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
And that voice told me that I was the winner of the third place !
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
I have been looking for a while for a suitable university to apply to .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
The most common reasons to study a language are work and travel .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
Here is a picture from last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
Micheal tried to hit the door with the hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
Micheal seemed to be really happy at that moment .
It was an amazing event !
The number of people exceeded my expectations !
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of those happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hot dogs .
It was a fantastic experience , especially for the people for which it was intended .
English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
It is a very popular pace to visit among tourists .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
Despite their beauty , new forms of art are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
An example could be medieval art .
On the other hand , looking at installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
On the other hand , they should learn something new in a summer camp .
A feeling of being completely free , the joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , the incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
If you just learn how to keep control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
I hope it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
It was very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that decision back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
All of a sudden , my phone rang .
Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen the open window .
We also have a biogas plant on the outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
I was in the position of leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
The public love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that society wants to know as much about them as it 's possible .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have free time and they should be able to spend it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing an old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All these situations may impede us staying in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid pollution and its environmental consequences .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
Peter and his father were very busy solving the problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
The night has been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence greatly .
It opens only in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
It was like working in paradise .
I mean , it was September , so I had one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worked with .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of its development .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Set in in late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and architectural style .
Parents face important decisions when raising children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of the utmost importance in this regard .
A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing towards equality or dominance .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements regarding the expiration of foreign passports .
Just before the beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and destroys your mood !
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
During the last thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
Fast food is one of the ways to solve that problem .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
As a consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is gradually lost .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food as part of their daily diet .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of conception as a result of sexual abuse .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
I think that he will be a great asset to your college .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy society 's needs and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
My fascination for those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
It is the weekend and we are all together today .
After all the courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
We found a way to help a lot of people to live a happy life and enjoy what they have .
Friends , colleagues , family all those people who were next to me on my way to this wonderful day .
The more computer science influences humans ' lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had great value in training for surgical treatment .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in the right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Two groups of participants were asked to do a suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve the application of robotics .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and has a unique spirit .
In addition , Dickens , as well as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , quite frequently uses first - person narration .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
We could go shopping in the city centre . They have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen any shops anywhere else yet .
I 'm still looking for one suitable for me .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
However , there 's hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
We have found this kind of agent in songs with a love relationship as the subject .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in the community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to society .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite their crimes .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects the population the most is Facebook .
Proposal to improve the school 's facilities for language learners .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , which offers enough space for smaller classes .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
Access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
On the other hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with their own characteristics and personalities .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , with good writing skills .
NB : In addition , in case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
As for my city , the mayor gives the environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
Different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
The action takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais and witches .
I also liked the plot built on the basis of a Japanese legend .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
It is generally believed that the invention of the car has led to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Though good enough , the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of cars , our lives are enriched .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day at work .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness than my occupation does .
Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within the city limits .
The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires were ruled from .
Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is an area where those historical distincts got together .
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in my hotel room during my stay .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and the effort made by bank workers .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis had been best friends since elementary school , he had to make his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increase funds for the educational sector .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of what is actually broadcast .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of parents or the fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
At an early age , he lost his mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother as other children , his father married another woman .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse your palate .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraints and timing .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves against , he or she can basically rule the world .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one group of magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Last week , we went to Mount Fuji .
The mountain was half - melted with a glacier on top .
This clearly shows that football needs strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs continuous practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with your teammates .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
Successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express ourselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of the job they have .
People who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of having less privacy .
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in the near future , just not in this precise week .
Clean and adequate water supply system is a vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
Water treatment must meet the requirements of public and industrial standards .
Although the importance of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Iran . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
Assembled around those long tables , you will find smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
But I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
Here you will find all the trendy brands and much more .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
Yes , it 's true that the car is far more convenient than public transport .
The high cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take the good old bus , just like 100 years ago .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago I think . You can be sure that I had the time of my life .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
With a car we are more independent than with public transport .
At present I am uncertain about the number of students , but it will probably be about 15 .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filed complaints .
The majority of people were of the opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
This is a very popular sport and very good for your health .
Some football players are world famous ; they have excellent careers and take part in every championship .
However , they are becoming more and more popular even among beginners .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that pursues them through different states of the EE.UU .
What I did not do in the vacations
During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacation .
Indeed , what I did in the vacation was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
Living without the Internet : Is it possible ?
What if that boy was smarter than him ?
He praised Michael 's work .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet the individual 's needs .
We can define it by a list of the TOP music chart on music channels .
It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sights , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
The train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
As a member of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
If you prefer shopping outside , taking a trip to King Street would be the thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonable price .
It was a really exhausting but illuminating experience .
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all the problems that I had with my grandmother .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all the famous castles and churches .
Luckily , we got word of a dancing school .
All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with global food security .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
But , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
The British do n't say what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and an attractive tourist location .
The admission tickets to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially pickpocketing .
In addition , homeless people have to sleep in the street .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle crime .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with the renovation of their house .
That day was the start of my scientific career .
This leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of their behaviour .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , which I have already practiced .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
The third one is movement and coordination between different parts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to their classmates what activities need to be done .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
I highlighted anything that required action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
Despite people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English , I realized that , although the classes were important , systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light on the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and its darkest consequences .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on a camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people who , fortunately , had a radio .
I have just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient for all the facilities .
The aim of this experience is also to have fun and a great time with you .
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim to do something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put a pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy every minute of it .
I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
As you know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to a timetable .
This leads us to the conclusion that the process of bank note creation is secure as well as simple .
My boyfriend is the best in the entire round world .
Those blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other particular reason .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made progress back in the other city . "
The home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most significant change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having good knowledge of children 's behaviour , which might be useful for the summer camp .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
This is because all people dream of a better future .
It is already in practice in the western world .
Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
It saves a lot of our time .
We can not deny that there will be a time when no person will want to travel by bus or train .
It is so clear that private transport will overshadow public vehicles .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
However , public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
Using a car can be more flexible for some individuals .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do the same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
These variables influence the behavior of employees .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life and stress .
Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed the global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
Another phenomenon that can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
This can lead to a loss of profits upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it creates colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken area is the social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disasters .
Not only human beings but also all organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours for some psychological reasons .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or the colour of the shop where I found it .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is the price of a thing and not its colour .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
The Countries will have a crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
I have fond memories from my childhood . She was always cheering me up when I was in sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeling well .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
First of all , I would like to say that young people have worse health nowadays .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist temptation .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made the child believe that one was able to travel through it anywhere .
She loved watching the printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking her math homework with programming of a music equalizer .
Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
The sport that I like most is dancing .
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it most .
The influence of grown - ups : great or not so great ?
Secondly , adults can offer advice to youngsters .
This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
They ignore using the full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
However , everything starts at the level of the education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
Environmental problems affect us all .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
Finally , she saw the lights of an approaching car and ran toward the car .
I have an MSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
Modern times have raised concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
In recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and private cars will be left behind .
We can know this just by comparing life now and 50 years ago .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Second , I am a quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
And finally , I am the kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
Another problem is genetically modified food products .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that affected contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
It is well known that GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance genes .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure food production in a period of drought .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
The purpose of the survey was to discover the popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
More than half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two or more times a week .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on the big screen every week .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire that occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
It was not an easy task to find new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting society .
This could be a drawback because not all people are up to the task .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
They are also the reason for many problems which arise in the private lives of some celebrities .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
Everything that goes on in a famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
On the other hand , not everybody wants to reveal the secrets of their private life .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in the organisation of this month 's concert .
I 'm writing to tell you about the experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to their peak in August 1991 . While Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
On August 20 , the " New York Times " published an article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of Soviet society .
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by the press " - the New York Times wrote .
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend democracy .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which acquired a broad and irreversible character .
This coup had great resonance among American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of Yeltsin 's were not out of the attention in US media sources .
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of new states and the following referendums on their independence .
The Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for the establishment of new independent republics .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
Anyway , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
I hold the opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
Greenhouse gases have already posed a grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit the South of Italy .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding time and being propelled into the past .
Concerning your inquiry about working in my country , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
First of all , public transport is obsolete .
In summary , public transport is dying .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
This kind of action , when performed collectively , requires coordination of efforts and an ability to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
During those 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
This is a real vacation for me .
There are always differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
When I finished high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
I also learned that men think in a different way from women during the day .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
What happens in the future will be decided by what happens now .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient time .
Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
People do n't want to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
To sum up , it is important to motivate young people to do physical exercise .
It all started with jumping over big black trashcans .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I wanted as a reward .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fitted best .
I knew that skating was the thing I wanted to do for the rest of my life , the thing I wanted to tell people about when they asked me what my favorite thing to do was .
The more we got deep into conversation , the more I wanted to learn this type of skating .
I kept staring at them with a wide open mouth and eyes .
After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravagant shopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
I 'm the kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
Advertising shares similarities with art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges come my way .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with others , there is no reason to be afraid .
It was fantastic to take part in that enterprise .
I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the initiation test .
If you like animals , you 'll enjoy seeing those beautiful horses running and jumping as fast as they can .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose the wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to watch the races from behind a curtain .
Today it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
This guy was called Mark and he was an engineer .
The first 2 years , all was perfect until day number 734 .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
I had to stand because we were moving house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
Sales promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both the benefits and the drawbacks sales promotions provide .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
All of these abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
With any new course , there are certain expectations one will have .
This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is a point that I have never considered before in a design process .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
Recycling waste water is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
In this way , drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in the long term .
Facial expression is said to be more important for film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in stage acting .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use while acting .
The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in the rush hour because of traffic jams .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits freedom of choice .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on video - therapy which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
All in all , if you want to read about effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of them costs much more than the other .
The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
The effect of the media on people is clearly noticeable here .
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially crowded places .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in modern European history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing the double role of legal consultant and sub - manager when I was only 22 years old .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in the international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for improvements .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages a car provides .
It is a fight for a better and healthier future .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from the microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand for a particular analysis .
I agree with the fact that as soon as their life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and the modernisation of leisure facilities .
It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the definition says .
All people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an accident .
No , it is not rational because according to economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
After that , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of staff .
I am extremely interested in the prosperity of your company and the distribution of your goods all over the world .
As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving my English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because during that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominous atmosphere .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
The variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from morning to night .
Every day , science and industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not true .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of treatment is less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to reduce the cost of treatment .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
Second , open discussion in class helps you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of society .
However , considering the complexity of society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
Society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turns to continuously influence every member .
Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , paves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not with my skin but with my heart .
Like in all seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy works written in that language .
We are delighted to inform you that the charity dinner was a success .
We raised € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in others .
Any decision changes the future .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
I would appreciate it if you could send me the necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
I graduated from University with a specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
It works towards allowing all EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
He lived in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
However , possibilities to make young people healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as though this capability could be a celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
This research project will provide us with a better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
Many people have breakfast in a bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I have been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where recently I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Israel for what they did during those hard times .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
That brings us to the second point : resources .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Kyiv is a good destination for shopaholics .
For example , if they do not have enough money to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the government .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
It took him three days to calm down and put things into perspective .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person acquired in an academic institution .
A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with identifying problems and then studying all factors and related information .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fair way .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in their careers .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon formal qualifications in future .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of day .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
The system , which has been in practice since British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
People in economically developed areas are in pursuit of the perfect life and the people in undeveloped areas are starving .
During my studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
I have done an internship at the reception in one of the best VIP designer hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
That woman knows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
Granny has straight grey hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
She also has a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
My parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
Nana gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
It is a creepy feeling .
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to entertain sick children and I 'd be really happy to make them smile !
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're going to travel without a destination !
When night fell and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
