The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
Thank you in advance for the information .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
The other side of the problem is ecological .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
It cosumemed the power which includes humans and machines .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
We have a good relationship , she is my best friend .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
My favorite international league is the English premier league .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
we may be late getting to our office / work place .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal size because it is much bigger than the usual food .
First , people do not have to buy their own cars .
Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
In conclusion , I think that TV companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing moment with the sports programmes .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , which has a huge following in several countries .
I 'm a cheerful , diligent and organized person .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after use .
After carefully considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you r joke .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
Recycling is another way to be ecological .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
It can always make us save money and make the environment more natural and fresh .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
There is the possibility of rain .
I 'm an only child and I study Marketing in the morning and work in the evening in a mall .
To sum up , taking care of the environment should be an obligatory task for us .
3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
First of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastics .
This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
If you want to start running , first , you need comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today . Remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
The lecturer disagrees with the paragraph suggesting that the mentioned test developed by Alan Turing does not answer the main question : Can a computer think ?
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
Ricki is not the fastest driver on the track , but he drives very safely .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - oriented in Taiwan .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
Advertising is important for the economy .
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
People were surprised to know his relationship had been broken for so long .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Finally , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
I like their style and lives .
Moreover , it is more appropriate to start constructing roads which are convenient for the majority .
The City Hall is very concerned about keeping the area clean .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps the city clean and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
This is interesting because people practise solidarity .
Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
First , you save money if you use a car .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deformity in his face .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
Television can be used tor many things . Usually we watch television for entertainment , but we can also use it for education too .
, with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
The big deal is entertainment , and quality is part of it .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
When printing is finished , they have to be inspected .
They will package and distribute the sheets which are good .
Keep your excitement and attend the event .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
You have to take very great care when you carry humans .
Even though people try to develop drones to reduce logistical costs , it is difficult to apply technology to carrying humans .
English - I find it great !
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
They are sincerely managing waste and avoiding carbon - generated products .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quite expensive .
Finally , we are obligated to care about the environment , because it 's our duty .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travel . The air pollution is one reason that I prefer public transportation .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
Nowadays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects which we use more or less in our lives . Some of them are really important , but some of them are just a waste of time .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
Travelling by car is becoming a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired time .
To learn , to read , to be knowledgeable .
Our great example of change is Germany .
We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
Thanks in advance .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
For example , introducing several special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Factories damage nearby areas and water extremely badly .
Michael 's parents were absolutely poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
I suggest everybody should have the same evening walk . You just need a pair of comfortable shoes !
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited fuel resources .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural center , but also a city with a long history .
Today , governments focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physique , do more exercise and sleep less .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
Years ago , pollution was not a big problem to deal with .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
He was worried because his sister always woke up very late , about midday .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith . He appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and other excellent films like I am Legend .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
Even though the personal car is used more and more because of its convenience , in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will cause public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicapped or physical disability , time capture that helps people to know the fixed time when the bus will come , as well as security support that helps people to be more confident to travel .
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of powerful countries raise environmental problems as the most concerning problem in their internal policies .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at a hotel and spend too much money .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
Despite the fact that there is n't any Hollywood star , all the characters are played very believably and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increasing every day .
He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
He was very handsome and he sang a magnificent song for me .
I like playing games and reading .
After all the food is very tempting to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
Jonas does n't see the bird and thinks that the predator has gone away , during the night .
The other friends called the police .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
One of the things that I feel stressed about are the final exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
Pollution is a global problem .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
These days , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
That 's fantastic news !
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
If we live well , we will be more careful with the world .
I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
This assertion is totally false .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
I wish a lot of people around the world could see the importance of the environment .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
special area .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I love being with them ; they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person . I have more patience now and I know how to be happy .
Second , playing badminton can activate your whole body , like hands , arms , feet .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
Bake them for 15 minutes .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
Firstly , family is the basis of the relationship .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easily , like going to Europe .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
We will discuss how to present the features in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dishes were like a taste of the real Japan .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considered " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
The TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
First of all , it is absolutely minimal . You just need boots for running !
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learnt how to ride a bike .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
Therefore , running can let me feel happy .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
This worked and we could return to driving .
There are many accidental problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
If you have any special eating customs , will you tell me ?
I have to present this project next Monday .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
The furniture consists of a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths .
I intend to write every day to practise my writing .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
He won only one golden ball , but he should have won more than that .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
Also , it 's good for fitness and health .
Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school should buy some other apparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
I was hesitant but later decided to go .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruiser .
Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origins of species .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
Please record your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly decline from 2012 to 2014 .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flexible .
The sun shines brightly , the snow melted in the March .
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
- feel a lot of pressure on their body and can not move in the dream .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
First , I want to introduce myself .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
It was a real satisfaction and I was happy .
I think this sport is the most complete compared to the other sports .
Your muscles become more efficient and toned and you get a lot of benefits for the body .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
As a consequence of an increase in the number of private cars .
No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
We should use the less car . It is very polluting .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
It was a real challenge for me to live alone .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
We separate paper from glass and also plastic .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
This year I decided to start visiting a pool and swimming up to three times a week .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
In addition , we were able to visit other parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and give you a good feeling .
While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
The author claimed that the business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skateboard users .
Likewise , the skateboard users brought a lot of garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
If more skateboard users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboard users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboard users taking over pedestrian walking space .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboard users would bring more potential to improve business in Central Plaza .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
However , sheets that are " partially damaged " will be inspected again and separated into good and bad sheets and sent for further actions .
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
It is a fact that pollution is one of the biggest concerns of the modern world .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
People try to move local factories out of the country , where there is less air pollution , less smoke , fewer cars and more forests and plants .
Why do cultural differences sometimes cause the division of a country ?
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from the United Kingdom .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
In our daily life we wake up early in the morning .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries forces their people to emigrate to another country .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slow .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
These were experimental models .
Through this time , I learnt that winning and losing are not the most significant thing .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion for years .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
The purpose of this proposal is to provide details about shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard even for Italians , thinking for
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
This aphorism is famous and true .
It is warmth that is needful for us .
We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
My last argument with my family was yesterday .
For example , if man had a broken leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
I want your help .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
I am prepared for long working hours . That 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spending time with people .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practise your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
Football is such a beautiful sport because it is really fun in a lot of ways .
If you are interested in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Summer Camps .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewellery , clothes , accessories , gadgets , books etc .
Dear Sir or Madam
You start your studies later compared with your friends .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mixed response .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangers there are on the internet .
They are essential to share secrets or anything .
It is better to be alone than in bad company .
I 'm very excited about your arrival in Santa Cruz next week . I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Because I can cycle and swim almost anytime , I might say in every season .
When it 's cold , I always go to a covered swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoir .
Finally , you are able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
You gave me fantastic news saying you are coming next year !
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broad and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
Apart from this , the presidential election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
In summary , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months . I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the other 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook lunch and dinner for them .
By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that has shaken Europe and that has intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - wateringly expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
In this situation , we are nervous and stressed .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you need to wash dishes or to sweep , you only have to think about it and the robotized system of the house will send orders to each part of the house itself .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisational stuff .
First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
Thus , it fits perfectly for those people who have a bad relationship with their families .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
Consequently , protective clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
The restaurant has a very characterful decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufacturers ? '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company start making something just because they want something to do ? '
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain fame all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
To sum up , fame is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before becoming a star .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
However , that is really close to being changed by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive a car to any destination without human intervention .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and swimming . He is 52 years old .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful . Sometimes simplicity is the most perfect accessory .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
One of my other big hobbies is photography .
In contrast , technology has been becoming more useful and it could do work that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
A few years ago , I worked as a literary editor .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentinian flag on February 27 , 1812 .
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
After sixteen years of continuous work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special importance to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectable reputation are the ones which will be accepted by thousands of people .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decor and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
This essay will describe the positive and negative social consequences of robots , and possible implications in the future .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
They have to realise that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have different diseases .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economical , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
I was absolutely terrified as I had to show .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
In addition , my academic education also stands out in my student life .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that have helped to change people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economic problems , etc .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of travelling .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with international arbitration .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to militarily intervene in Cuba if necessary .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
She was starstruck .
Since then , everything had gone so perfectly between the two of them .
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
Micheal decided to get dressed . He was on his way to the door when he saw a box of things he had given to Celine .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
As you know , my father runs a tourist agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
That 's why people choose to travel by car , because it is more convenient and faster .
A high number of tourists visit Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
On the face of it , it sounds childish , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transport , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
As far as I am concerned , the latter point of view carries more weight .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaining us a chance to be themselves and to have a real private life ?
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
okay , let us get back to the decorating .
The concept of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to be pretty .
That is why music is a very important thing about this festival .
fashionable enough .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , most importantly for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Sometimes I listen to the radio and hear his comments about some problems in my own country and some suggestions about how to make our life better .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
Since his discharge from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from empirical experience , many countries have successfully applied such policy .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedentedly depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
First , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home has been a place where people can feel safe .
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
Sooner or later , married people will get divorced .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
Trapagaran , environmentally friendly
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so that is why I am accustomed to dealing with customers and coping with difficult people in a busy environment .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatic things .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practises discipline .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
After a long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first gets to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacecraft , moves on to a Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
To his surprise , Amber and the manager of this restaurant were already standing in front of the door .
As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemical reaction that grows when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environmental problems .
There are documentaries produced with so much care that they provide us with a lot of information . Sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experienced recently .
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
Just keep thinking about this advice and let me know if you have any concerns .
Please note that we maintain a good relationship with our customers and always give good service as well .
Firstly , I asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourite styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stops , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
There are a variety of transport means .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
As a result , I enjoy studying accounting .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
We have subjective opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconceived idea .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcast recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independence and creativity , and precision make research more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for research , allows researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
Also , the effects of those actions would be huge and would help improve the environmental situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearlessly and quite fluently in English .
What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid their growing lazy , then financial relief is welcome .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
We would buy next , impractical high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wardrobe .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door open .
Inhabitants can go to the countryside to have a picnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you advertised in a magazine .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my referees are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are clean , forest fires hardly happen .
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
-Danish and European historical documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
A life being unseen to human eyes .
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroine of one of the enormous heroic stories .
My recommendation : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
Everything will work remotely ; lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to program everything by time , day , month and so on .
The dominant colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
He was famous and respected in the slave camp .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
After thinking a lot about the positive and negative aspects of this question , referring also to the quality of her teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
Do n't worry about the people who will interview you .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
The service is good , the waiters serve excellently , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reservation or to wait a long time for a table .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
Over decades , music is an eternal art which develops day by day .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
I 'm also very good at sports . I practise track & field and ping pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
Science practically improves our lives .
Activity makes people excited and remember their memory .
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
It was done very naturally in their lives .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriately .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
Most of the paintings and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupied by German people many years ago .
Self - driving cars are steered by very modern software and this software is so exact that the number of accidents will decline .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
In my country , for instance , people start playing football at a very early age .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different formats to read . I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his device to succeed .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quickly as possible .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My brother 's child can very easily get the toy which he wants directly .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love while feeling healthy and living healthily .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
How are you ? I 'm fine .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery was originally a German - owned brewery which has been brewing beer for almost 400 years .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
The periodic movement of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the second hand .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the second hand on his clock .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
manually inspected by officers .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
Educational institutions should dissuade students .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans have become more and more sedentary with the passage of time and have forgotten about interaction and movement .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more varied offer : fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
The historical context is recreated in the film .
And for me , that 's total nonsense .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to maintain healthy movement , because some research has shown that people who drink moderately have a lesser proportion of body fat , because alcohol speeds up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
You should speak accurately and also fluently .
With a thousand years of building and fighting for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
What great news !
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - like .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute little cafes , a varied choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
All the produce is fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an event with charity club members in my school as well .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relationship with my mom and dad .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and faster .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
My favourite dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativity or perfection of national or modern music at all .
As AC category manager , Nikita demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiating skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economical .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tone .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lag if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , use of public transportation is decreasing day by day .
In order to boost the use of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
Technology has changed us much faster and more dramatically than we used to think .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
For example , saving the endangered wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
The top 50 richest in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
Furthermore , sometimes people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer difficult issues .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiar with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
Significant changes have to be made to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transport .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertising campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Sometimes the members of a group begin to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
Finally , after much time travelling , Alice had this feeling .
In every historical period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plane who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
The public love to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interfere with their personal lives .
It 's really important for people to know the boundary between curiosity and nosiness .
He has given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginning singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elderly woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerfully chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personal development .
The English economy changed from an agricultural one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygiene conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to succeed in a future job , but I do n't agree with this statement .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progress society does year by year , always offering new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
Thank you very much .
Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploration and studies .
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorgeous as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young cane toads from moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as seriously as being sent to jail .
Teachers at school may impose more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extreme way .
After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andean mountain !
I also liked the plot built on the basis of a Japanese legend .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
Firstly , some things about design must be taken into consideration .
When the American series ' House ' was first broadcast on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
Sporting activities might boost the student s ' overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
My surprise favorite was the microwaved sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) research shows that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
But in truth there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more and more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seeking and family conciliation .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on . For me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kinds of people s / he might possibly have to deal with .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filed complaints .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
We can define it by a list of the TOP music chart on music channels .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " . I have no words to describe how beautiful they are .
All of the above have been making good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for development in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
It 's something that is part of our growth to adulthood .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the host city and the tourists .
The original work was written by the mathematician , logician and British writer Lewis Carroll .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electricity company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
Ragged and worn , it certainly had seen better days .
She could distinctly hear his low , manly voice in her head .
Wide eyes , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
The streets were calm and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
Imagine you could program your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard work .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and care , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
One private car per individual is needed .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
There is always someone who you can count on among your family , friends or associates , but you must ask for help .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxing , due to the fast pace of life and stress .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporary , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it seriously , because even though I said it was fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
This is because adults lived in a completely different time , so their advice might be outdated .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
Therefore , it would be incredibly expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational materials for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
There is , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educational leisure time activities to passive ones .
It would be fair for celebrities .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sound , VIP - escort .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
Hence , contrary to many people 's perceptions , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
Classes are being held much more interactively than in previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering teaching in school .
He was able to reach the South by a connecting flight from Rome .
Therefore , it all comes down in this essay to expressing feelings about Seville and its surroundings .
To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travel even further .
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so badly .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprise to me !
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her curse .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
In a consumer lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
I kept staring at them with a wide open mouth and eyes .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easily .
Graffiti on the walls and small alleyways create a punky ambience .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedience .
Equally importantly , a car requires maintenance and it will be another expense that the owner has to cover .
Sales promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of a product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
1 ) What are your educational qualifications ( ex .
Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
It is evident that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limiting of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
Most of the consumers said they would buy branded products .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I usually play a lot when I do n't have to study .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , given the increasing requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a movement .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetent .
My family members all the time express their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to break my limitations and replace them with the feeling of success .
More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
The school governors should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
Doubtless , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
My tasks included back office administration and serving in the hotel 's restaurant .
Nature is also change , but in a cyclical direction , and with a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the true blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
I also think that there will be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travel by plane .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
And she is also watching me with eyes wide open .
In this way , I 'd have the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historic battles were fought .
