Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
If you are looking for confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
They just have to calm talk about it .
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
Let us bath .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
l wish you will have a impressed time .
My favorite sport is swims .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
I implicated my class from winning the champion .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Also there are a lots of educate channels .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
In addition , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
She wanted to be his wife so bad .
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
Third , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
I have seen your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
Sometime I think that Taipei is too crowded .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
Recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
For a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
I hope you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
Big Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
I think that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
Firstly , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Do n't forget to ask for a litter of beer .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
In accord with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
They helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " Talaiot " .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
Secondly was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
We have also become more considerable of our animal life .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
According to l'Academie Français , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
For instance , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
