The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
Thank in advice for your information .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
We have a good relation , she is my main friend .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
My favorite international league is the English premiere league .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
we may be late to office / working place .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
Firstly , people do not have to buy their own cars .
Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
After careful considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
Recycling is another way to be ecologist .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
There are possibility of raining .
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
Advertisement is important for the economy .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
I like their style and live .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
This is interesting because people are practice solidary .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his face .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
The big deal is entertaining , and quality is part of it .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
When printing finished , they should inspection .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
keeping your exciting and joining the event .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
English - I find it greating !
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
Our great example in changing is German .
We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
thanks in advise .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .
Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .
I like playing games and read .
After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
other frinds coll poles .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
It 's a fantastic new !
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
This assertive is totally false .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
specific area .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
Baker them for 15 minutes
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
I can say that is the most natural move for human .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
Therefor , running can let me feel happy .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
This was worked and we could backed to drove .
There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?
I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .
I intend to write every day for practice my writing .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
He won only one gold ball , but he should have won more than that .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
Also , it 's good for fit and health .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .
Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
- feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
I think this sport is the most completely compared to the other sports .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
It was a really challenge for me to live alone .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
The chefs take great care in selection the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
These were experiential models .
Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
My last argue with my family was yesterday
For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
I want yours helps .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
Dear Sir or Madame
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangerous there are on the internet .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Finally , you be able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
Thus , it fits perfect for those people who have a bad relation with their families .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufactures ? '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
After sixteen years of continues work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
She was starstrucked .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
A high number of tourists visits Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries more weight .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
fashion enough .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
Trapagaran , environmentally friend
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environment problems .
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experimented recently .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
there are variety of transport mean .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door opened .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
-Danish and European historic documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
Science practical improve our life .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
It was done very natural in their lives .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quick as possible .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
Dears Kate Ashby ,
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
How are you ? I 'm fin .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
manually inspectors by the officers .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
Educational institutes should dissuade students .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
The historic context is recreated in the film .
And for me , that 's totally non sense .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
You should speak accurately and also fluent .
With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
What a great new !
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tonus .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
For example , saving the endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
The top 50 riches in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Sometimes the members of a group began to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
Finally , after much time travels , Alice had this feeling .
In every historic period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plan who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
Public loves to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interferes with their personal being .
It 's really important for people to know the bound between curiosity and nosiness .
He had given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
It adapts perfectly to the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerful chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
In my view , I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personality development .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personality development .
English economy changed from an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to success in a future work , but I do n't agree with this statement .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progresses the society does year by year , offering always new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
Thanks you very much .
Today , more people not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space where to practice it comfortably .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young can toads from moving through the water way , the fence is useless .
Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as serious as being sent to jail .
Teachers at school may improve more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .
After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andes mountain !
I also liked the plot built on a base of a Japanese legend .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideration .
When the American series ' House ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
Sportive activities might boots the student 's overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitely substitute the car .
My surprise favorite was the microwave sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
But sincerely there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers and family conciliation .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filled the complaints .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient airway is opened .
We can define it by list of TOP music charters on music channels .
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain how beauty they are .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
It 's something that makes part of our grow to adulthood .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for hosting city and the tourists .
The original work was written by the mathematical , logical and British writer Lewis Carroll .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
Ragged and worn , it certain had seen better days .
She could distinctively hear his low , manly voice in her head .
Wide eyed , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad - build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
The streets were calmed and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
Imagine you can programme your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
However raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and caring it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
Private care per individual is needed .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
There is always someone who you can count on in your family , friends or associations , but you must ask for help .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxation , due to a fast pace of life and stress .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporarily , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life rather than impose its power on us .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it serious , because even though I said it is fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
This is because adults lived in a complete other time , so their advice might be outdated .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
Therefore , it would be incredible expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent education material for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sounding , VIP - escort .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
Hence , contrary to many people perceive , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
Classes are being held much more interactive than in the previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
He was able to reach the South by a connection flight from Rome .
Therefore , it all comes down in this writing to expressing feelings about Seville and its surrounding .
To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travelling even further .
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so bad .
Once I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her cursed .
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth and eyes .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easy .
Graffiti on the wall and small lane ways create a punky ambient .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedient .
Equally important , a car requires maintenance and it shall be another expense that the owner has to cover .
Sale promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
Before taking part in this course , my concept about mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
1 ) What are your education degrees ( ex .
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
It is evidently that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
In my view the best solution to all problems would be limitation of private transport in the centre but not absolute banning .
Most of the consumers said , they would buy brand products .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I use to play a lot when I do n't have to study .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , giving the increasingly requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a move .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
My family members all the time expression their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
More students would be attracted when the school government made some changes in the learning system .
The school government should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
Doubtlessly , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
My tasks included back office administration and services in the hotel 's restaurant .
Nature is also change , but in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the truly blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
And also she is watching me with eyes wide opened .
In this way I 'd had the chance to know different people from all over the world and at the same time I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
