After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
If you are looking for comfort and relaxation , obviously , you have to take a boat .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using private car .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting running is to start slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little further and a little faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
They just have to calmly talk about it .
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
In my opinion , it 's very difficult to find this advantage with other sports .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Let us bathe .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
l hope you will have an impressive time .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I am monitor in my free time , and I am looking for a temporary job to improve my English .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearance of poo .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
I prevented my class from winning the championship .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growth from an economic point of view .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
When I was 10 , I chose to play with a group of girls older than me . They were good , and I could n't believe the experience .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people is maybe going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
In addition , behind one ad there are a lot of things : one industry .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
She wanted to be his wife so badly .
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
Third , the phonetics classes scheduled on Fridays came in really handy .
I saw your advertisement this morning and I am really interested in it .
I would say that , most probably , private cars are not " sustainable " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Also , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travel , special occasions , etc .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistant which I saw advertised .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of developing .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
For a passenger , however , travelling is completely relaxing .
E.g. , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
I hope you consider me for the job , rodrigo
Regarding advertising , technology is having a huge and not always positive impact on outdoor advertising .
From black - and - white ads posted in public places , we have moved to practically living surrounded by outdoor ads placed in every available and imaginable spot .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
Since tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n't learn these important techniques slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during practice .
Big broadcasting groups are used by all of them .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
I think that if I watched and learnt how to do it I would learn very fast and could master it .
But on the other hand , there should be some inviolable spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
First , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Do n't forget to ask for a litre of beer .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
During this festival , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
In accordance with the aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86% of it discarded inadequately .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
After that , I would make a list of target markets and devise some strategies to attract them .
Archaeological sites , beaches , valleys , nature reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru 's capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publishing industry .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academic .
Generally , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalous private life .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalous private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
In my case ... I 'm much better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up and running , even though my untreated sprained ankle has got worse .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entirely different culture to make me think about what I want .
They helped each other and the elder ones taught the youngsters .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
In the municipality of Artà you will find a coastal town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
On the other hand , there is a prehistoric tower called " Talaiot " .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judgement made law .
Second was the conviction that military conflict should in future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Third was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investments often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
These opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibility .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium - the producer of penicillin .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
It 's only recently that we 've " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how many things as varied as pornography or the language we use help to form the image of women .
We have also become more considerate of our animal life .
Progress had moved slowly like the tides and the constant rhythm of the waves showed little change .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
According to l'Academie Française , all literature of the Neoclassical period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Today , racial prejudice still exists , but less activity has taken place than 30 years ago .
He is prejudiced toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
For instance , Native American poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
