There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
A flat world is created by the internet .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
My favorite sport is Cricket .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our country .
Today we have lots of sports .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
In today 's society .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
They can also walk or ride a bike .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
It keeps our bodies strong .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They would consider you as an independent person .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
Transport is very important for our lives .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
They speak French in meetings , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
From Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basil 's Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Department Store .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time .
It 's the capital 's central park where you 'll find lots of interesting things .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
These are my friend 's hobbies .
I 'd like to speak about the education system in Egypt .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
I am writing to complain about the cafe 's lunch menu .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
But , by observing all these people , you can enrich yourself with the different cultures and manners the others have and incorporate new topics .
Public transport is useful but sometimes inconvenient and cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
Without transport , people can not go to work or do anything else .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
And some buses drive at night to transport passengers .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
Because the majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - dirtiest cities in the world .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of keeping it until they find a bin .
All the time , we are learning more for our various goals .
My ultimate aim is to continue my studies .
Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
This prevents me from achieving my goal .
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
It 's great for me to write about sports and health .
I began doing this sport three years ago when I lost my job .
And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
I hope that most of the big businesses , plants and stations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
The bank notes are designed carefully . Workers need to design their background colour and artwork .
What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your customers .
I hope I will get my order and I hope you will be more on time for the customer order shipping .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be problematic in some situations , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
I think that family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always there and they try to help you .
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
But most young people are not interested in this type of music .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
But girls love wearing skirts and snug shirt .
I think style is very important in our lives .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
Unfortunately , for this generation , there wo n't be real relationships , all relationships will become virtual relationships .
In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
Transportation is one of the most essential parts of our day to day life ; whether it is public or private , transport takes the same priority in each person 's life from the very early days .
They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concerns of the earth .
It is inevitably true that excessive use of public transport leads to higher levels of pollution .
So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future use to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in classes , but it is also related to the quality of education in schools .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Lack of teaching methods , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by employing these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their studies and their jobs .
Hopefully , they will not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more developed shape in any other developed countries .
It is true that coeducation can motivate students while they work with other sex students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
In addition , crowded buses cause infections among people .
private cars reduce infections .
Crowded buses spread epidemics in our society .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal details , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits for children .
Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
The exams meant that I did n't do much sport .
Do you do sports this year ?
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
Client search , customer support , conflict solutions
Like glass , plastic or paper containers .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
Studying overseas means not only changing conditions , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
Getting along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizons .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends . My favourite games are FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some others .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always rent a little cottage from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three things : souvenirs , fashion and food .
Without forests , there ca n't be animals , and the human race will disappear .
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
Girls usually follow the fashion bloggers and the fashion magazines .
Boys like following channels on youtube .
They like to exchange opinions about new stars .
Nowadays , we can see in all the streets a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people clean the city .
In the future , we must make an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our children .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means of connection with each other .
Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
The castle 's architecture is in the Neo - Gothic style .
This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
In my opinion , it 's one of the most fascinating places in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
I like fighting , because I like to hit people .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
Besides this , TV companies have understood sports provide this relaxing moment , mainly for men .
In conclusion , I think that TV companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relaxing moment with the sports programmes .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
I agree with the statement that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's lives will dramatically change in the future is because of technology .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
That 's why I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
I am a hardworking and committed person in all respects .
These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
As we know , the privilege of having a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We can visit every place with no time limitations .
They had no choice , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
To be honest , I do n't believe in UFOs .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
On the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers .
Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
These kinds of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
and paid the money for her brother 's surgery .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , which means the Ball Game . There is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrifice pretty young girls to their gods .
Our Future Lives :
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
It is true that every day we have new innovations which help people and make their lives easier .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
We must stop all wars , conflicts , and impose human principles and values .
The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
In terms of food quality , the standard is extraordinary . They are well known for their roast meat .
There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
And the topic of people 's views can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
I favor the former statement . That is , I think students should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
In the holidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical support to our valued customers .
Different levels of technical support can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
For instance , students joining a sports team need to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
And you can never return to being the person you used to be .
It is said to happen once in a lifetime .
The environment is a combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human beings are a part of this ecosystem .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
PS : we have to meet
In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
To sum up , I would say that people will use public transport more and more , as petrol is getting expensive .
The inspection always has three results : the good quality sheets , the bad sheets and the partially damaged sheets .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
My coach is very friendly and helps me .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is also convenient for people who are rushing to work , meetings and so on .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
Some kinds of animals will move to the urban areas , steal food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
In conclusion , large - scale building projects take the living resources from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their backs on you .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to cover the cost of the flight .
I really do n't feel any guilt .
I am studying environmental science .
If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
So , you can enjoy your time without money problems .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance of my invitation .
There are several types of transport in my town .
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
This sport can help your health and anyone can learn to play volleyball .
Do you like studying Law ?
I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
The best place I have visited is my house in Spain .
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in mind that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will keep the world on our hands .
Nowadays , many trees and grassland areas are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constructed .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
6- Not everyone has the possibility to buy a car .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sports are football , basketball , Formula One and Tennis .
He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
I watch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I think both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to use each one in the right situation .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch trains is very interesting for me .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
I prefer other kinds of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films at the cinema .
I like thrillers and the action films because they are never boring .
It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which decompose after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabirds or fish are feeding on plastic .
This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
In addition , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions into the environment .
Since GM crop technology started to be implemented it has implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
I enjoy reading books , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
So the need for buses has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowl .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
As time goes by , technology is rapidly improving .
For instance , there are numerous programs that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
Above The above statements can ensure a rich and abundant life .
We will do homework at home and send it to the teachers .
They will serve us instead of human servants .
There will not be any poor people in the streets .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
Science , I just remember I have always liked motor racing , but one of my favourites is Formula 1 .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
Michael is one of the most important economists in the world . He has written a lot of books about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
These were my first feelings when I made the mistake .
I am writing to suggest a few things that our college can do for the environment .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , the students and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finally , all the students should be taught about the environment .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
. You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
To this , we have to add the food and drink ( who does n't think this ? ) .
Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
So there will be more traffic jams if we do not change our habits .
The result will be the pollution of the environment .
So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport system .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
The two green areas in the north - west and south - east corners had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can deny how very important sport is to our health .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
Sport is one of the best ways to be healthy and do some exercise .
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece than last season .
As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and customs .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
In contrast , there are two different types of company in the technology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
The company likes to produce new products and uses high salaries to hire great talent .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
However , I was too dizzy to walk straight so that I took a taxi .
When I woke up , I did n't know why I was at the police station .
Dear Mrs Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He had left the key inside his house !
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
But not so many people have a driver 's license .
You can meet all kinds of people .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
Today , the people use the app " blah blah car " .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
The attitude of Colombians to the education system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
This depends on the beliefs and the culture of the people .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building houses , which accour for some debate .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees and flowers before the house is built .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by imposing certain laws .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
Now I want to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
They explained all the procedures .
When they were together , they knew that this story was about to end .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
They met with the lawyer .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
The cat had to go to the animal home and they had to pay the expenses .
But , one day , Mia thought that she could conduct a test .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
They use these cars to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
so I satisfied my ambition 13 years ago .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
In a word , the process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
We have to live our lives .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends , because maybe we do not have the same trust that we have in our friends .
Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our lives .
Families understand our minds so much . However , our classmates or colleagues ca n't achieve that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
She is tanned and has a slim build .
Dear Editor ,
I have just read that you need reviews of soap operas .
I love this soap opera , because it shows teenagers ' lives .
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the facts .
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population means personal vehicles are hard to manage .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this measure has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , public transport plays an important role in our daily life . It has indispensable effects on society .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle . He seemed to be 28 years old .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
The man ran to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
Household rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leaflet explains how to separate the household rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into three different groups - paper , glass and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I take is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can help me .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantages of travelling by car have been replaced gradually by public transport . The future of public transport is bright .
The city council are dealing with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose job is to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 times a week . Swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
There are two teams and each team has the same number of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
I have relationships with people who play football with me .
A final reason : football makes us enjoy our life and improves the quality of life so far after working hours .
Eating a balanced diet is very important for everyone , especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the petrol station where we once left your car .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your email and wish to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desire to work in via return email along with a scanned copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make all the necessary corrections .
On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
About food , I imagine a future society in which restaurants wo n't exist . People will eat only junk food and food which has been prepared before , food in tins ... so all unhealthy things , which will cause many problems .
When it is the holidays , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
Some fears are instinctive and it 's positive because it protects us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
And the flying saucers culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
They will have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
Alison put on her coat , closed the door and went to her parents ' house by car .
She went to her parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that her father was okay after the operation .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport .
Firstly , if someone wants to move in the city using a car , that can be very expensive due to traffic jams .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
People drive cars to go to work .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus stop .
We need to start doing something to avoid pollution .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a lack of private life and perpetual attention .
Thank you for your attention .
I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
So I have had a lot of problems :
1 . Everyone spends a lot of time travelling .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
Maybe traffic accidents will be decreased .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of genre until I saw ' No Escape ' .
And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
For example , a builder needs physical strength to carry cement and bricks .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
When driving a car , we will face parking space problems in a city .
Besides , traffic jams are another problem .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
Well , there are a lot of sports that people do every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
This sport has a lot of types of match which you can play .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your relationships with people .
And maybe you will become a famous player or an ordinary player , but you will feel like a famous one .
Tired of having their houses destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be bothered by floods anymore .
How many cars for all of the people in the world ?
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
An automobile is a luxury in some countries , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
Which is one of the weirdest things I have seen .
I think the sheep should be transferred to a place where there is specialisation in animals with the same condition .
I have never seen this sight .
Dear Sir ,
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
And because of technology , our lives become easier .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
The men usually wear their best suits and the women have long dresses on
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in schools we used books of paper and not tablets or iPads , and now technology is part of our lives .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
I am currently a doing Master 's but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow up from time to time with my supervisor . So I have the time for the Fellowship .
When I read his poem " The Adventures of Tom Sawyer " I was excited .
That is an eight - episode film .
I usually go to the seaside on Sunday morning .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the environment .
Third , supporting recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard waste , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
In your advertisement you mention working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Their names are Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
Have you ever spent the holidays combining fun and knowledge ?
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love going to the gym , because there we meet new people , make friends and we can relax .
When I am there I can relax and I try to not think about my problems and my work .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
The capitalist world makes us increasingly become us updated .
So we have to watch the national news to keep us connected .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Shopping online is also not , from my experience , a good way of shopping .
Socializing does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
Dear Hadeel ,
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Also , they obey the rules and regulations of the city authorities .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
Our authorities now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organizations working for waste management .
Due to our help , people 's work has become easier .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
Our authorities are more careful about the rules and regulations ; hence no - one can disobey the rules .
Since 2013 , I have been studying English and Marketing Communication at University College Syddanmark .
You may come across something , such as a luxury bag , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
My favourite sport is cricket . I have loved cricket very much since from my school days .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by trams or trolleybuses , which only follow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking spaces makes me change the statement .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I switch off the heating .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for our lives .
Potatoes and meat are popular foods among our people .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diets in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
It may cause increasing weight or reducing the number of necessary vitamins which our body needs .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
For multinationals maybe ?
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and times , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for special permission .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year programme .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
The best place I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all the amusement parks and roller coasters .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
I think people know that their dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do anything .
The town hall has created a group that works studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
I always think this , because teenagers are the future of our planet .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
So , what time will you finish school ?
I will wait for you at the cinema entrance .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
Sport is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good way , help his parents with daily activities .
My name is Natalia Refana .
I really love taking care of myself , and so , last year I decided to go walking every day in the evening .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
Travelling by train is very expensive nowadays .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
It is more than thousands of miles long .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable way of travelling .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
We were also happy , but in Michael 's head there were a lot of things .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffic jams .
Today , governments focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their support .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with joy .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
He loved her for her fame .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
The pleasure and your willpower will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
Yara finished one of her training sessions .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
Then , when she did n't return home , her parents reported the disappearance of their daughter .
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
Every year , thousands of cars are sold and the demand is growing .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
A new mode of transport must be found .
In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
I practised dance a long time ago , but with age , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advice to new practitioners of Pilates , it would be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a good teacher .
A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
I thought that was only seen in films .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in their heart than anything .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living there because it is noisy and there is pollution , so I decided to move to the countryside two years ago .
In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial arts .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It is not just fighting . These sports give people endurance , speed and power .
Men and women are possible to interest it .
There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
According to this form , we know learning knowledge takes a lot of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
As for me , my daily schedule does n't have much variety , just study , sleep and others .
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle . We will change our clothes , thinking and other things . We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms or anything but hope .
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
Web Programming with my boyfriend .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
I am going to study the topic from both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
This helps them also to explore the job market ; some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
This helps them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
Both opinions have their merits .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
Transport is very important in our lives , because we travel from place to place .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
The fact of using a car to travel , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectations .
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
This makes the cities crowded .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
Firstly , there are a lot of ways to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
You do not worry about traffic jams , or trying to find the car park .
Such as visiting museums , seeing touching movies , doing exercise and so on .
Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the causes and effects of these coming disasters .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
For more information about my qualifications please see the attachment .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
Although he was always wondering if it was a blessing or a lesson I be competing .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
Nowadays , the internet is used all over the world for many purposes .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
Explore closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my help if anything is necessary .
Myths and fables are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
For example , due to the wide spread of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relating to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street market .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see unpredictable situations happening and likes the feeling of the unknown .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to using green fuels and public transport .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Nowadays , students have a lot of different forms of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions and tests .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
It taught me the meaning of teamwork and leadership .
Relationships can be very different .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brothers our enemies without any reason .
And I can clearly say that they are our friends . We are part of them and they are part of us .
Television and other things invented by technology are part of our lives .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
She is an only child , so she does n't have any brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) . She is great friends with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
All companies are the same , any solve your problems .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
But the engineer ignored this situation . Then a helicopter came to save the residents .
The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual in my country .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
We have a lot of nice old towns .
If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD level .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rules .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world .
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
People wear special clothes .
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
The building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
Nuclear energy is one of most important sources to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dress and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
There is a tradition that the man must n't see
his bride before the wedding day .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
Old people and young people benefit from sports .
I play it with my friends .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their lives .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "

Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
But then industrialization came and , with that , technology , so ways of life started to change and everything started to go faster .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Now I 'm working in voluntary positions , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thieves .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
He was worried that the bird might charge him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cave .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cave away from danger .
It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
Public transport is also used by children like me who want to go to school , high school or to university .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
Some people do n't have any awareness of the need for a good environment .
Good management of the rubbish is a new trend in many neighborhoods of my town .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
We would like to give you six months to scale up your skills .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
for example . If you go to another city by car , you may spend more than two days on the journey .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
The cost of buying a car and fuel is expensive for poor people .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
The great number of people using private cars leads to higher levels of air pollution , and public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing air pollution .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
Public transport is generally the transport system provided by the government for the general populace .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
Riding a horse gives me a sense of freedom .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan movie which has the participation of some Hollywood stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a school sports team .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do practice as nobody is on the field .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
Firstly , I would like to mention public transport types .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
Collecting books is my favourite pastime .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novels , dictionaries , etc .
Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same time .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sports which is more intense .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
The meals are English cuisine and with some European dishes too .
They cook good meals .
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
In contrast , other failed sheets will be destroyed and disposed of with band notes in a secure way .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollars related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
My English is great and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
The world is progressing rapidly . Day by day there are new modes of transportation , there is new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
Anyway , I was wondering if you wanted to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio s movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourite .
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
They spent their lives helping us to be good men .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cup of fresh coffee with me .
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has automatic doors for entry and exit .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
There is a cashier next to the exit and you can pay by credit card or cash .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
There 's no question which is my favourite restaurant in town : The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to have our last farewell dinner there .
At the Seaside , you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most parts of the world mass transport systems are still popular and they are environmentally friendly and cost - efficient .
Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
Secondly , public transport is environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicles .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
Military service is military training which means people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that education is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
The citizens of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
In this hour , many people turn off the lights in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
I am very proud of the awareness of my city 's people .
The police were chasing a thief that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
I search for any clues and I found something . It was a piece of paper with an address on it .
However , the layout of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
I used to ignore thrillers due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
I dealt with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeons .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management structure in each department depending on the market 's reaction and the environment .
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividends are not like before anymore , low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Therefore , we are reforming and making high - tech items , likes LEDs , photoelectric , vacuums , steam mops , etc .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air purifiers , irons , etc .
Also , for our wire racks , plastic
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the city centre , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove traffic jams .
The temperature was over 20 degrees .
People come forward and utilise these bins effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breasts , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and little red handbag and went to the door .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like buses , trains or even planes for long distances .
No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
We can also use appliances that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electrical systems or buy organic products .
After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
I admired the sea while my friends looked around the shops .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
I was seventeen years old when I decided to accept this job .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
It is creating a lot of problems by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sport for me is football .
I organized activities like sports , visits to cities , festivals , etc .
I look forward to your reply .
Everyone has their favorite sports .
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
of fun and you can play with family or friends happily .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
So public transport 's importance is decreasing every day .
The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the roads .
I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
I think that family members ca n't be friends because the relationship is very different .
Firstly , family is the basis of the relationship .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationships are different .
There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
There are two wardrobes ; one for me and one for my brother .
About the pollution , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
Pollution is a big problem for us and the planet .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
Technology has good thing and bad sides .
Technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we will do a lot of things .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
We will discuss how to present the features in different aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
The bride wears a long white dress and the groom wears a black suit .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred people .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other cities or other countries .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves two teams .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballers .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
It brings unity between countries .
People from different cultures play in the same club .
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
It is one main condition , the rest of your clothing are not important .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Cricket is a sport that has two teams of eleven players each ..
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
There are three bunk beds next to some wardrobes .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelves with my games .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
If you are going to begin playing football , you need football boots . You also need protection for the legs .
I saw your advertisement in a newspaper .
I 'm a young man who finished his studies in tourism and ecology this year .
Usually I was a volunteer , but I was also part of a few European Projects where I was paid for my work .
My best leisure time activity would be hanging out with my friends .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation costs .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to change cities .
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
I think that public transport is much better for the environment than private transport .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
They stop in a dressmaker 's market .
When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That makes the number of cars grow rapidly , but they do not think about the negative side effects that a car has .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
There are n't any animals on the farm .
You 'll have to take the bull by the horns and get some work done !
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
One of the best places I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
Dear Mr Sotelo ,
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problems , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the case .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
When he arrives she tells him about the occurrence .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's cellar .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
Michael 's face was awfully red .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
Also , the television programmes that they watch are reality shows .
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
Bydgoszcz is my hometown and the destination of this journey .
In the car park in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man helped us and charged the accumulator in our car .
This report shows the sorts of shops which are located in Moral de Calatrava .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
If you look like a foreign person , local people could try to rip you off .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's position .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsmen and bowlers .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can achieve success in this format .
In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
All thanks to new technologies , innovation in the field of medicine and new scientific discoveries .
First of all , in the next 50 years people 's lives wo n't resemble at all this .
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that take me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robots instead of waiters in a restaurant .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
I am an experienced cook , so I can also cook for the children . I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transport that invades cities worldwide .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damage that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
I read this announcement today .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
Humans also want houses , and transport facilities .
We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER . HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS . HE WAS BORN IN 1970 . MY PARENTS TELL ME HE WAS A GOOD BOY WHEN HE WAS A CHILD .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LANGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OURS .
This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that .
The second facility is public buses .
Large numbers of buses all around the city .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
Third , lots of green areas .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
So when children are playing around these trees , they can feel more healthy with clean air .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and aeroplane .
And lots of city administrations advocate protecting animals .
" If you have a great time with your family and co - workers , it is not necessary to time travel .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which help us to easily understand about subjects such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corps .
For example , the planetarium in a navigation room for learning about the position of stars , four small boats used to practice leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for creating situations which seldom arise .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
All people should use public transport to reduce the number of cars on the road
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular types of translation nowadays .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
Garbage trucks pick them up twice a week .
There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
The first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
Computers did n't have any programs and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the washing up .
However , on Saturday I went to English class in the evening .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , life goes on and humans discover a new thing .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
Renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the products .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I was responsible for selling the movie tickets and having a good time .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
In addition , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as electricity generated by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we could use the energy generated by the environment , such as the wind or inorganic waste .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Two years ago , I won a nice cap .
Last month I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautiful doll dressed in a wedding dress .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong places .
Some think that volunteers should involve careless people in many projects to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
Nowadays , I see bins everywhere and even a small child of 3 being taught to put unwanted materials in the bin .
In spite of throwing rubbish in a bin , we also do some harm to the environment unknowingly .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
People 's lives will be changed even by policy and the economy .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
Its title is " Visockiy " .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
I love the fact that in this book there are a lot of German words , so I could also improve my German ( I go to a languages high school ) .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't earn any money .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
It gave the impression that only going and coming back in a big car was the main purpose of the trip .
A neverending argument took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
By car , you can go wherever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
But in the region where I live I had not found one .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
In the past century , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
Televison not only provides entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the events around the globe .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
This diabetes is caused by bad diet of people or because people have a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetables and fruit and also to do exercise .
Hope this message finds you in good health
Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
I hope that the number of players will increase and increase every day .
I did n't call , send messages or meet him .
He said that he wanted to be best friends as before .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
Mini vacations can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzle and go to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
Mini vacations are a break for us to have fun and good times with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and others .
Vesuvius - this is the volcano 's name - covered it with a lot of ash so that walls , houses , food , clothes , bodies of citizens were preserved as they were .
In particular , in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
We can see from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
You can go out of your house and take your car and leave for your job and park very close .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 .
The days are getting longer but nights are getting shorter and lighter .
My friends have bought tickets to Sochi already .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their hand .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
He picked up the keys and quickly left the house .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employees there are kind .
The section was big and it presented a lot of information in a scientific manner , some sections had complete information while others had not .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south poles .
The hot spot helps to get more confidence .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
I am a young woman with a melancholy character .
I have many problems with my speaking skills .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
Working in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about business , management , economics , sales , engineering , technical support and other skills .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
Thus , there is a source of agreement and another source of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
There have been many projects to improve the care for the environment .
But there is a big problem : the people 's attitudes .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these matters .
If everyone demonstrated a better attitude , it would be possible to improve our environment .
These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
Watching TV seems to be top of our list of things to do after a long hard day 's work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The main types of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it is not without criticism in different areas .
Science replaces human labor with tools , but what about happiness ?
Science is concerned only with information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusions without considering morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
In psychic way , if you are adapated form relationships and make new friends .
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
If you have a small child , you can visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
As I remember , there were educational channels like Discovery and National Geographic .
Those channels always contained a lot of new technology .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
But , of course , there will be some channels that are not suitable for children under 18 or are just for adults .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
Also , we have recycling bins for paper and glass .
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consuming harmful foodstuffs ?
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
I do not have very good English writing skills .
My grammar and spelling are weak .
When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other reasons .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
Planes , trains , and boats are the ways to travel .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my opinion .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring sun cream with you .
One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
Cycling is my favourite sport .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
It can prevent colds .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
You need to have skill to play it .
This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
I have worked for the last 10 years as a teacher in junior school .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activities .
I have experience of arranging different sports activities for children .
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Apparently , it is going to cause more pollution and more global warming issues .
In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
but I think Italian restaurants are getting famous .
There are no cars , no metro in Venice .
But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
You know that I love action films like this .
He is in a secondary role , but I am really sure you will have imagined as liar as me too .
Why are there so many cool men in this world ?
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
Dear Sir ,
I checked connections between Warsaw and Berlin and she will be at Berlin Ostbf station at 11.10 .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
Public transport is important for everyone .
Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
Those problems suggest that there is not sufficient security in Central Plaza .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and separate the different spaces for walking and skateboarding .
I do n't feel that , because he has five sisters and three brothers .
Firstly , cocaine damages your senses and your mind . If you take cocaine , you wo n't sleep that day .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
The best season to sell ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst seasons for the indoor swimming pool .
The discrepancy between these two places is great .
The best sales achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
Public transport was created to relieve the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commutes .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score points faster and better .
My history of basketball was very short .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in MacDonald 's or Burger King for a low salary .
Teleplays are not just for fun ; they can have a deep meaning . A short story tells big , just like a useful book .
For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
It has all kinds of food , even really fancy food .
Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
Ever increasing crowds in cities and traffic problems are increasing .
The progress of technology is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the fuel will be electricity .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
I finish work at about 5 pm .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
Often , I like to read biographies , history books and novels , and I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
However , I think your opinion is similar to what our forebears thought , because for them , society was never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
Moreover , we still have a lot of things which we can and must improve , like security , comfort and economic resources .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not an ordinary man , he has a greater sensitivity and knowledge .
Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Also , there are some well - known brands ready to give a special prize if you buy a souvenir after 8 pm .
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoys nature , travelling around the world , and having a lot of friends .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first , the police detectives thought one of the special gangs had stolen the painting .
He only needed 50 seconds to steal the painting .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
I also have problem - solving skills .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teaching qualification . I'm a friendly person and I have a good CV .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoyment , so I 'm the right person because I like playing with them .
This essay will explain these different steps .
Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
Customer satisfaction brings me happiness .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customers a fabulous dish .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
It could be painted with new colours .
They wo n't look like big white balls .
Urban flooding is one of them .
However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flooding ?
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
Kids around these ages ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a mature critical sense and anything can easily persuade them .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
You have asked for a waiter in your cafe .
At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourist destination in the future .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
The baby 's name was Nemo .
The only thing they found was a pair of goggles that said the home of the man .
Nemo 's father knew a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him . They cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
I think I would have the same dilemma .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I had to decide which of those activities is more important , then I would choose sport .
I think physical activity can give us more benefits in our life .
Sports activity also makes us feel more flexible and ready to face every day .
With the development of technology , people will use other means of transport .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
If you play basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball court with a basketball , and try to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thinking and can likely to write a very useful article .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
On the one hand , we could take a communication forum . It could share everyone 's thoughts .
Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
Football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nations .
" The Exorcist " is one of the most exciting and astonishing thrillers that I have seen in my life .
The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and wetlands are replaced by tower blocks and transport networks .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis court .
Richard 's parents are good neighbours .
In this area there are a lot of clothes shops and supermarkets , but there are n't any sports shops .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
The customers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computers ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental change .
Compared with the past when we uses horses for transportation .
Did people have the same opinion that there was no future for transport , and we can only use horses ?
Cars replaced the horse , and even planes have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
thanks a lot for your response .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
If you 'd like , we could get references from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for a start and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it was previously .
I look forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playgrounds for children .
Trees in the parks are not sufficient according to the requirements of our city .
Ten year ago , the local governing body of the city decided to plant more trees and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
We planted trees near the side of highways , unused land , and outside of the city .
It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
Each house in the city has two types of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separate .
These waste materials are processed in an environmentally friendly way .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
He is the type of person you ca n't forget easily .
My family are my best friends .
Aactivist of animals rights claim that the reason is keeping animals in zoos .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
In my opinion , people should build some kinds of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big car park and beautiful landscaping .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
In addition , field trips are an important part of our school activities .
Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of rivers .
Charlie was the only man that could help him escape .
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
Also , on the sofas there are many colorful cushions .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
You can change your plans and choose another route .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalists .
Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
It 's a very good way to travel in the city .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
announced the way they take care of the town .
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living rooms .
About 500 meters to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a private parking lot .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
The most important thing is that you can learn a valuable lesson from failure .
Currently we usually do less exercise than before , because we use our cars to go everywhere .
On the other hand , children are used to eating only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruit , fish ...
All these things could be very bad for their health in the future .
So it 's very important to give them a healthy upbringing .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
The lifestyle , technological equipment and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
It service the education and entertainment aspects of our lives .
The enormous number of cars and the traffic jams cause pollution of the air and smog .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
Finally , the government usually encourages on the radio , television etc .
In your message , you said that you needed to find a famous person in my country and needed some suggestions from me .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
The last point is that people go for long journeys by public transport .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
In the past , I did some exercise .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercise . I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I could n't understand anything and I could n't talk .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
People think that public transport is only the buses , but public transport is the buses , the taxis , trains and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter and international law .
The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
We have got a large shopping centre with some local shops , you can get plenty of things that you want from it .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
If you like active cities with enormous activity , I think it is an excellent place .
I think people should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing games .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tourists for their cheap prices and the hospitable manners of residents here .
There is a grass surface , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because anything could happen .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
A new problem is in the small towns , because they are not designed to accommodate a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport . Some months ago , the council set up a public bike service and , three months later , they had to close it .
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Everyone says that our lives are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
a summer job in a travel agency , because they need someone in
have sent me your CV after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
In general , we do n't care about anything ; water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their minds .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
People try to build big and luxurious houses but they forgot about the main thing .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football matches , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
My village has a wall of stone . This wall was built by residents of the village in 1715 .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to stop in each town , so using your own car saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoying your work because we spend an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we do . As a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be hell .
The truth is , that the ideal would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , make a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But that is almost impossible .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
First of all , public transport probably meets the needs of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
I want to talk about my favourite sport .
This is really my favourite sport .
I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
I enjoy fun with children .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
First of all , swimming can help your health .
The research shows that swimming can decrease disease .
Now my average jog is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
Four years ago , I often had colds and long recovery periods .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel pain in my foot and I still limped .
Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
4 ) Think about your initial physical condition .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector .
I am used to working a full - time job .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
I find football interesting because it teaches us a lot of values such as cooperation and onest .
I think everyone should have a private life .
Dear Sir ,
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
At school I learned how to cook different types of dishes and desserts .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
During the last months , we have seen a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American filmmakers .
The first one is basically based on the true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is played by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he became rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock market .
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
It can be argued that public transport systems have been losing their popularity in many ways .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
I think that when you want to become famous because of something that you do ( for example , writing musicals ) you have to accept what comes with it .
In our world , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results might be lower than their expectations .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terrace with a cool lemonade .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word to describe the prices .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be hearing and speaking it all day .
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that create these viruses to damage other people 's computers .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
This job is of great interest to me as it reflects my ambitions in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
Badminton is my favourite sport .
It 's exhausting and you have to move fast to get every shuttlecock .
I had a lot of fun at the summer sports camps and I made a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different cities and countries .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movie and also , they are worth your while and you are not going to regret it .
A group of fishermen began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they could take their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish shopping centre " .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change shape .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
They do n't know which university and field of study to choose .
You have enough time to try to use your abilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
You start your studies later compared with your friends .
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
How much are the costs and how often will we have the lessons ?
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoors , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
- I 'm just a late riser .
Just a glass of still water and some fruit .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
I am used to working with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a response soon .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
There are only a limited number of government buses on the road and their frequency is not good , so they get overcrowded .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
Their lives are focused on their careers .
Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable systems have no access to these .
Secondly , teachers can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course curriculum .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
I think my favourite sports are cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres . You can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular village .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
To my mind , there is a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by car is less green than by travelling public transport .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
If people insist on travelling by car , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
The government and public bodies should start thinking about it , and to save society public transport is best .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the roads accessible to everyone , public transport should be used and we should all try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
Nevertheless , the sports store is a little expensive .
However , these three are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Travelling by car can give you a certain status and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
However , the method has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong understanding .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide their lives from journalists .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
Gnadenthal is a very small village consisting of almost only one single drivable road , which is not famous for its size , though .
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
Through the practice of Karate , I really understand myself .
The practice of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning journey .
Karate is not a difficult sport .
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their cars less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amenities have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( viruses included ) are on a hand rail waiting for a skin to rush in .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
The biggest benefit of hiking is that you can enjoy fantastic views from the summit of mountains .
Do n't forget to take some water as well .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Moreover , you should think about comfort during the trip .
That could be frustrating , especially when you have a long journey and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great view of Turin or mountains from a classroom ' s window .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of travelling .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emissions and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our cars to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
He realized Adam 's marks were getting lower and he was involved in some trouble in school and began to investigate him .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking story I have seen in recent years .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and teachers to deal with exam stress .
This will help them as a way to study or revise for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunities to get there if you have studied abroad .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experience .
For that reason we 're going to put our names down at the gym and the swimming pool .
It lets us improve our listening and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer service of builders and the results of Vasthu .
Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
I think this is a traitor 's action .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
There are different numbers of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts are both considered crucial for students ' education .
Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problem that they may face .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
When students grasp the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issues related to it deeply .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
And one of the most important things for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solutions will be swimming pools in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will look more like airplanes , and less like normal homes .
The first thing to visit , according to the map , was the Albufeira center .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as cardboard , glass , etc .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
I hope you enjoy your trip and see you soon .
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
It is likely you would have more self - confidence if you worked harder during a lesson .
Anybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
I was hoping that my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronics but my parents told me to do some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronics .
I followed their recommendations and I totally changed my thinking .
They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
I really prefer doing other kinds of things on my computer , like surfing the Internet , studying English , etc .
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
I am always glad to receive your letters !
I can also learn about astronomy , physics , chemistry , biology and many other branches of science .
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
technological developments .
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programmes about science on TV .
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
By recycling , by trying to reduce the traffic , walking and cycling . That also improves our health and fitness .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
In the movie there , are some references to Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both supporters and opponents .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I 'm Catholic and I play the guitar in the Church choir .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
Whereas I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that makes the night more romantic if you dine with your partner or more relaxed if you dine with your friend .
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family members , relatives and friends .
I took a part - time job with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me a learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspects of my career .
I enjoyed the monetary aspect of this job .
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
At university , I was part of the football team and we won a championship against one of the most athletic football teams in our country .
The convenience of travelling by car benefits the majority of us in modern society .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
There was once an interesting saying that North America is a nation on wheels .
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of feet .
As a result , the rapid increase of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicles ' emissions can have detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all types .
Its comfortable , efficient and economical features have been attracting more young professionals .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that passes through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourists ' , students ' and professionals ' first choice for commuting .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
This essay will look at some of the key causes and effects of obesity among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyles are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite attractive and very up - to - date , the green zones are broad and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parts is crucial .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
The article is devoted to the characteristics of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned acts of a sexual nature .
To come to my home , firstly you must take the National Express coach .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone drove a car , the pollution would be so great , that we could n't live here anymore .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sports there are because you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breathing .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sports .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first suggestion .
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
That could end in constant arguments because of issues like privacy and so on .
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
The film events happen in Los Angeles in 2019 ; there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character ; and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty . He is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking spaces and reduces traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by train , tram or bus produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay . A motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me the contact details of a company that is looking for part - time staff ?
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by scientists in research , and by doctors .
It 's a torment for every man .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turns out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
The only thing he knew when he got to Mandy 's house was this : The world does n't turn around him .
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment keys .
Where are those fucking bastard keys ? ......
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bullying or forcing you sexually .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , schools and even houses .
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbecued meat .
Then the main course is the barbecued meat that is very tender and tasty .
The meat is not salty as
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy life .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Can you tell me more about the possibility of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country ?
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological .
Technology will be our best friend .
What about relationships ?
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
There are also places where people can buy the typical clothes ; dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for men .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
We had two factories and a great number of traffic problems .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great number of people to work there .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosa 's factory to a safer place .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
On the other hand , we can access the information with just a click nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficient with computers and the internet .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
It has five storeys and is one of the tallest historical buildings in Kyoto .
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as iinfrastructure improvements are some of the recent advancements .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
I woke up in shock .
She told me not to watch horror movies again .
In my country we have dinner late as a rule .
The things I like the most about myself are probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
He felt a rage and a fear of discovery . " Why is she singing ?
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
The design of the current cathedral was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
It will consider some relevant things which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
Instead of it , imaginary road networks will be built in our air space .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
Famous people haven't got private lives .
Almost their every secret comes out and they are still judged , criticised or mocked .
Journalists and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance the the value of them .
They deserve to have a normal life , have secrets , a moment of peace without curiosity around them .
That is why a lot of big names suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
People who have the resources to buy or hire something and are looking for convenience have a great desire to buy a car .
Cars nowadays have technology that allows both drivers and passengers to have a better journey while listening to music or using the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
As a result , they offer low fares and play an important role in environmental protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the press because he would like to announce his definitive
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
There are many green parks where you can do sports and other activities without polluting .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these goals .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence costs , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you could welcome guests at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
Valpolicella has many sights that are worth seeing : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with a famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
Take that pair of sneakers and go for it !
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good choice to stay in .
In the modern world , a company which has excellent staff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Regular exercise is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
However , the most impressive thing is the range of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of liver .
In fact , there are always lots of people every day , so I recommend booking at least one week before going .
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
And that 's why I find this movie so exciting .
An enormous number of additional attractions for viewers provided me with unforgettable feelings .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
Some people say that David created Parkour but , in fact , his father developed all the ideas of the discipline .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollutes less than going by car .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance service to required customers in future to attract more customers .
To resolve this problem , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
I was not expecting any letters .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
The opportunity to meet my idols in real life was the most exciting .
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
A pleasurable tourist destination is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
This is where you will find several shops that sell most African traditional artifacts .
I would advise tourists to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the workplace in order to minimize greenhouse gas emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
I would like to visit Big Ben and many other places that you suggest , but I do n't really want to see ordinary tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Times Square is a good site for shopping too , although the excessive amount of advertising is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , anthropology and seeing a lot of types of art .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwiches .
Around Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakeries : '
Have a good trip !
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private lives .
Public activity is one of the most important things .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
After I received more and more information about some successful engineers and inventors such as Steve Jobs , I realizes that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
It allows me to know my body 's condition and whether I have relapsed .
In my opinion , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surf board , all my vexation and misgivings are gone .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
One of the purposes of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experiences , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the totally dark environment , I experience the feelings of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their lives .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Dear Principal ,
I make lots of grammatical mistakes when I am speaking and writing .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon . If you have any questions , you can mail or contact me .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reasons for this is that they have not got their own car .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 minutes and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
Michael took a deep breath and looked at the door that was still open .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars have to pay for gas , insurance , repairs , environment fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most evocative squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and its multitude of spires .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
Hey , if it 's a joke , stop it , it 's not funny .
In Mendez 's house in the suburbs , Reilly finds some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
She loved him and no World War was able to separate them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming . It was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jason 's father .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bull - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaker , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
Public transport is going to face a huge decline in the near future .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new way of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are adding new benefits to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and exercise at the same time .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets was donated to a nursing home .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
We need more caring people !
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the cathedral ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , Sforza 's castle .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
If you are a little bit tired of all this touring , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape welcomes you .
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
I hope that my advice will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
We would believe that this work is worth contributing to for life .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your work .
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this was a trick .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer your apologies and compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I will go to the authorities .
I also like riding horses , which is one of the things I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
We are just three girls , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
These are the most important facts about me .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
To this , I think , it is a journey which goes in the wrong direction .
Trying to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those dreams are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
In the big shopping centres your purse can be stolen by pickpockets and you can lose a lot of money .
Nowadays , technology and society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than before .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenirs for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I am , what about planning a match involving some friends of yours ?
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others is always an exciting part of social life .
First of all , for energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Finally , joining a sports team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of mine victims .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Design , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
And I know my abilities with kids . I am a patient , confident and organized person .
Dear Mrs Ashby
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur . I did the T - Rex and my classmate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the making of the spellbinding models and the gift we got to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable trip to the museum , and hope you can take time out to go one day !
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story .
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong characters ! Enjoy them !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .

You can choose between different types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many others .
We had a number of problems . The first one concerns the number of beds . You offered space to sleep for six people , so we expected six beds , but we only had five .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with food . In your brochure it said that we would have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
The city looks beautiful in this season .
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Its penalties , depending on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community service or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the number of accidents .
By the same token , a single method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only things that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policies on roads and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
Travelling by car gives flexibility in our schedule .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her mode of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
Driving is something not everyone can do .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that respect .
It can be suggested that a combination of both media will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
I 'm 50 years old and I live in a little town named Monza .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
First , small stores provide products with more unique features and different selections .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
However , most shopping centers provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
I think there are good TV programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
It could be a good idea to find a larger venue .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
First of all , transport is the most significant carbon dioxide emitter .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and seas destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
There , you will see beautiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice vineyards .
To conclude , Brazil has a lack of English speakers .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
It was one of the happiest days of her life .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen . I have been cooking for large numbers of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulations with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought cars are too convenient to some extent , but the cost will reduce the benefits .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
I chose this story because even though this story was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme is still current today .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
To answer this question we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although searching is faster , we can get distracted looking at other things on account of the attractions of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite of enjoying life .
Nowadays , it is very common to meet new people coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career opportunities and achieve top level positions .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
I was still in pyjamas , so I did n't open the door fast .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , email services such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy diet , and do physical activity .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
This job is related to my subjects of interest .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impacts on different species .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of book , therefore , I have a quiet life .
But a few months before the concert , disaster struck !
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
One of the people who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
He decided not to use violence in this kind of action , because he was concerned about fighting against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of products is believed to be the most essential reason to visit Cáceres .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the towns of the Gold Ring .
It 's a group of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show . They just had three costume changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound were fantastic .
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE IT'LL BE USEFUL .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HEELS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social activities to prepare students for their future development .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
The film is about a movie shooting and the adventures of a film crew which is in Bolivia .
The messages are very important ones which affected me .
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
Governments should promote the best mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emissions and people would be encouraged to go green .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteers and if you are considering
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
We all have things in common , like riding scooters .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
Visiting museums is an essential part of their travel to new places for many people .
There you can see dinosaurs from prehistoric times .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourists to find out about the city they are visiting .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environmental damage .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet is becoming important for our studies because of the availability of information sources .
Almost everybody has at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is : playing tennis .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as people 's minds .
It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
I think that public transport will be used more in the future .
But the way of using cars could change .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , comedy and action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crises and wars still exist .
I do n't usually watch sports competitions . I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
I 'm keen on individual disciplines .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the countries love each other without showing racist feelings .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
On the other hand , sometimes I feel happy during these events because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important points related to our culture .
Latent fingerprints are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
They are key clues in forensic investigation .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
This essay will demonstrate that there is considerable evidence for a possible detrimental affect on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects have created a large amount of problems for both human beings and animals .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lambs , chickens to be fed .
They should provide financial support to those who once lived in such destroyed areas and help them develop professional skills to look for good jobs .
In my opinion , there are a few advantages of shopping .
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising agency .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutionary at the same time , something that could give a new vision of reality , and Kate started to offer some information about many artists .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the opportunity to introduce his view of art through his pictures .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
Kate told Michael that the fame had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
It is their job to make decisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know anything else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
I believe that Mr Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire brigade also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire brigade they were horrified .
Every Everyone was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
Moreover , the special effects which are used are so immense and cause us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Proof not only that you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
I 'm convinced he 'd speak his thoughts at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt would slip out .
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
Too many vehicles in a crowded city will increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some questions and I would be really pleased if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports you offer , because our group of students would probably be interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surfing , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
If the bus drivers could follow their timetables there would n't be any argument .
Artificial intelligence is one of the best ways , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Help them and enjoy your journey .
I live in Chennai , one of the most populated cities in India , perhaps one of the most polluted cities in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turns out to be one of the polluted cities in India .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a legend .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
Students go to school or university by car as well .
Long distances between cities make it difficult to use cars .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe .
Transporting workers by public transportation or by bus is more convenient for big companies .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
You drive the route you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
The two maps depict the main changes which took place in Shipsmouth between the years 1995 and 2010 .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the teammates .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to score a goal .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
I do n't exactly understand why people want to learn about the private lives of politicians and film stars ,
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still has its value .
Public transport is not only buses , but also planes and ferries .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
To sum up , public transport still has its own value .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blowing - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposal to carry out the arbitration together .
It 's good for you to take a year 's break before continuing with your studies .
I 'm going to make you a very nice itinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find somewhere for you to work .
Concerning your work plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystem .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solving the problem of traffic jams .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst children and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
Although I have no qualifications , I love cooking .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious schools in the Philippines .
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
One of his favourite games was to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
One of the things she knew about him was that Michael loves to surprise people . That 's why she wanted to surprise him too .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite way of spending my spare - time .
Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the richest cities in the world .
It is a sophisticated building , full of details everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully designed according to that period .
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
You can find more information also on the Internet .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and food or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for humankind , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows changes when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his classmate at school .
This paper is a review of scientific research , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others , with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jams , which is counterproductive .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old portraits on his wall . It was like a horror movie !
After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
The following thing are worth noting about me .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
Clothes at lower prices
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
However , they should be aware of the high cost of living in my town .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then leaving it in any part of the city in a dedicated car park .
In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
They have to find another job .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
They send their CVs .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
I have training in basketball and Physical Education .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I gained some knowledge from those programs .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the environment of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - star hotel in the middle of the old town .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for health purposes .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic waste .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big deal . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable and irrevocable .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting places to visit here .
This is a huge amusement park with many attractions for young people looking for excitement .
There 's also something for anyone who does n't like risky play .
Then printing the banknotes .
If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and things like that ?
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
The climate in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern lights .
Some people travel to Sweden just to see it .
It has been a great success and is one of the best games in the world .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an invitation to work for your language school .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother tongue .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all situations .
So , now I have two main goals .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
Last year , I did some graphic design for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a total mess !
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
More vehicles on roads means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to introduce a good traffic policy to ensure citizens ' safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there are so many vehicles on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and humans ' environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmentally - friendly car to be invented .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Those people who have mental or other serious illnesses are n't allowed or are not able to drive a car . For them , the public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
They need resources to improve their living conditions until my country has the possibility to give them better opportunities .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lives .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
Burning of leaves and other waste products has also been made a punishable offence .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
Installation of solar heaters , solar lights , using solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little gift and I invited him to come back again !
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
He has to choose between treating his pets as family members or not .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
The public authorities helped us when we showed our solutions .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energy without using toxic materials and mining resources from the Earth .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the alarm rang .
The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the suitcase had been laid out on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
Because , what is proper in living when journalists are following every step the famous person takes ?
In my opinion , journalists and other people should accept and respect it and sometimes they should just let go .
My employers have never complained about my work .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
There were not enough brushes and paints for all the students ,
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people are happy in their accommodation . If they are happy they will return next year .
Paparazzi make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teaching degree and I have experience in schools . Could you send me a webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
As I am 13 years younger than my brother , our parents spend more time with me than with him .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
She just felt it in her bones .
She always believed in such premonitions .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today was her birthday .
Going travelling , people may schedule various destinations and times .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
Car travel makes people feel free during the journey .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
But I am a really lucky person . I found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some classmates who had the same aims as mine .
We organized some additional activities , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfields . That is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
Here there are lots of things to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
clothes trends change very quickly .
Now , young people like different kinds of music , I think
Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my children were born .
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquiries and introducing them to our school .
To elaborate , their stories are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
Although the plots are full of twists , they are still very realistic and do not make their audience feel that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from domestic programs .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the imagination of the cook .
They have many different cakes : profiterols , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
The most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who works in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's lives more comfortable and better .
Every method I 'd tried was useless .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , newspapers or TV programmes , or even their entire private lives .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a court .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to court .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
Please let me know if you need anything extra while you are here .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
Wrestling is done by two people while others wait for their turn .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another way of admiring girls .
Traditionally , we provide a fire as a means of light at night for the sport .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power stations .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
For one reason - convenience .
His wound is healing well and is free from complications .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping facilities .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't anything more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories . We laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watching movies , swimming , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
While someone is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and having a good time .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
Taxi is the first possibility .
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
Famous people have always been surrounded by a lot of journalists and paparazzi who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the strength to do anything else .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , children and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with an underground and often in the smaller cities there are only buses .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
The other evenings , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friends and have dinner with them .
Not only is Taiwan different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government efficiency .
Without a doubt , the efficiency of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
When they reached eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good education .
We can see a different view of the tower from different angles .
Cantonese people always spend their holidays with their children here .
Travelling by bus is expensive , boring and annoying .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
I must not forget to talk about cars , lorries and other vehicles .
I had to swim in the Parana river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
No tears or apologies would make a less culprit .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
Because I did n't find any tickets for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as trains is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
I think that the differences between homes now and homes in the future will be small .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travel , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban areas .
I had never played a raquet sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smiling at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
Love lasts two and a half a years , he kept reminding himself .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
In the second place , not all public transport is in the best shape .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
Every storey has a colored sign ; red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between red and orange and that was my confusion .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
What is more , these kinds of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save time and wish for a happy journey .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it runs according to the scheduled timetable only .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a big problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
The other issue is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fill up their car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
There are four types of rubbish skip .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
Apart from that , there are other containers focused on every type of object .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
If you are looking for an enjoyable shopping day , Madrid is the best choice .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma .
Some disadvantages could be :
- There are n't enough parking spaces and they are very expensive . For example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the statement .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
This time the study showed that all of the participants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the huge amount of packaging used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Besides , there are accidents , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about your own private things .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
However , it is also likely that people 's lives , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have cameras with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedies , detective stories and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirits .
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , mopeds or any other motor vehicles .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult people during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
It is more important than ever for everyone to think before using their own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
The fares are high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
The damage which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle are catastrophic !
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the amount of domestic waste .
Then what about my appearance ?
Maybe I should bring her something from here ?
Or maybe she wants something else ?
I really want to visit the Ferris wheel in London .
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thrillers .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerners in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerners for a long time .
As you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclable .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this trip , and especially my listening and spoken English .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who did n't believe in love and only wanted one - night stands .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the past , leave their past behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental ones .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and communities try to do their best to develop a civil and democratic society .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seems ridiculous .
As well as for his needs , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Titania uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta will have beautiful children and live a happy married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own needs .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
He uses indirect words , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Businesses want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
Some businesses require experienced employees and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualifications .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
There are six main shots : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
First of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken breast , sandwiches , chips ... ) and , also , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand , burying one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
However , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountains .
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable time .
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented rises .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
There has been good progress in transport in both respects .
I think education is one of the most important things for everyone .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
I am writing in reference to the advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children . Everybody enjoys the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply has been a great help for your club this year .
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhaust fumes .
Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
So sport is my hobby , a nice way of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
Usually I do this kind of sport with my sister .
To my mind , cycling is the best way of traveling .
I 'm absolutely convinced everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in good shape , you ought to go in for it .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chairs , tables and beds , would remain unchanged .
The screen will no longer be required for the computers and TVs .
The parking should be free of charge , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my batteries .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raised images should be on the bank notes .
It divides sheets of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
I am a fairly energetic hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to devote your attention to the staff in your reception .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting places in our town .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future career .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
Also , I have some work experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
My work was to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness had to be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I believe my work experience can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportation , at the cost of diminishing farmland and wetland as well as deforestation .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protection areas for animals and plants , banning hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop illegal hunting , deforestation and animal extinction .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their way to stand united in such a way that joint endeavours can be effective globally .
In conclusion , governments are supposed to balance modernization and sustainable development .
During the concert , one boy forgot the script and began to improvise .
The prices are not expensive and the food is very good .
There is also a garden outdoors where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will eat a legume soup as a starter , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
Not only because of oil prices , but also the costs of insurance , the car , the parking fees , etc .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crashes .
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our lives ; but , should it be like this ?
That is why appearances should not have consequences in our lives .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
But he was n't aware that the traffic lights had turned red , so a car could n't go through .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
It is an action thriller written by Suzanne Collins .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious culture which is far more strict .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
I will always choose health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do anything .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drink .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverages decrease sugar intake efficiently .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
In my day friendships were easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social club friends .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
It is since that day that I have tried to skate as much as possible and I love every moment of it .
It is much easier to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or occasional trip .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
A great number of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
Although it has some benefits , in most parts of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not developed enough .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the needs of the people regarding a high number of properties .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
It is the world 's biggest youth cup and is held in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup is Sweden 's second biggest cup and is called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shortened to " PSG " .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
This building is near the football pitch and basketball court .
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for these kinds of people , like petanque or something like that .
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right advice .
We spent a huge amount of time together .
David looks boring at first sight , but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and broad like an elephant 's .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last wedding anniversary .
Cordoba is a thee hour train ride south of Madrid , and attracts visitors from all over the world
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
He tried to push the door that led to the front of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
Then he saw the driver was lying dead in his chair .
Dear Sir ,
I enclose my CV , which gives full details about my experience , ability and skills .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
In the spotlights , they all looked so beautiful !
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I give presentations in front of them .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
That was the key to opening the treasure chest full of golden opportunities .
The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall s romance package in a newspaper .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall s view .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help others .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , which is in the heart of my city .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with checked safety equipment .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you do n't only use your strength but also your balance .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the woods .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
What I like most about all the different aspects of riding horses is jumping .
As the production of cars has increased , it seems that the need for public transportation has declined .
Using public transport means helping to protect the Earth from air pollution .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kinds of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented are strong ones , such as architecture and computer systems .
As soon as I read the letter about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have a similar interest in physical fitness , too .
Talking is truly the only way to get to know people and establish strong bonds .
In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for college or to embark on their professional career .
Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestiño " .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
If you consider the chaotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factors on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and destinations .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteers , was talking about this project last week . She suggested we join it .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , so I can cook and am an excellent cook too .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimuli .
Those kinds of stimuli come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important stimulus to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
First , I was really impressed by the performances of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
Not only in their individual roles , but also in the scenes they did together .
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Secondly , we could find amazing bargains in shops .
One of the drawbacks of going to the shops is that we spend a huge amount of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this way of spending leisure time , for instance , with my mom or friends .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim people , so it is recommended to choose the right ones .
It 's what 's inside that counts .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their sources of food and water could be a serious problem .
For governments , restrictions on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural environment can be balanced .
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
I will begin by strongly recommending cycling for a number of reasons : better physical health , better mental health , and no paying fuel bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during segregation .
It 's hard to imagine what they went through during the civil rights movement .
It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
What would I do for my country ?
I was born and raised in China . Being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers did to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heroes sacrificed their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violence .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific theory .
Safety and knowledge of body mechanics are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming pool ?
I think I am the most suitable applicant for the job .
Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little help .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experience .
Homes of the future will definitely be different from those in which we live currently .
Room configurations and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
The Gambia is visited by many tourists because of him .
He came across the slave masters in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolition of slavery .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
Because of his efforts that led to the abolition of slavery and freedom for captured slaves in the camp .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Public transport is a public way to take people from one place to another .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic jams .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
We will not have to worry about where to find a parking space for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
We need only amazing running shoes , and that 's all . OK ... ,
we need at least 45 minutes per day , or at least 3 times a week .
Buy good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also created some alarming problems , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collections from its budget .
My apologies for any frustration you may have .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
Kitchens will be different too .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
I do part - time work at a school hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and studies .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - hmm - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
Many factors result in this phenomenon .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in the meantime , turns out to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture completely unbearable ) .
And these are like branches on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
This took me by surprise .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thoughts , all people deserve a second chance .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important inventions of this last century .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous number of advertisements that people are forced to watch every single day once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact , viewers are not able to decide the script , but they can still decide to switch the television off .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificate and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advanced Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedies of all time .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that knowledge revolution is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the spread of the information . For instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
So money , today , is really important in our lives and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
I 'd like to think that we will find a way to travel through the universe at higher speeds than the speed of light .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
If you want to go to the cheap shops , you have to go to Teremky .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarms , cell phones and lights .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few seconds .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
Our life has been transformed into an easy life by technology .
If I am hungry , I can order some delicious food online .
In the modern world , stress always disturbs our lives .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
Science practically improves our lives .
Have you read any sports magazines before ?
In magazines , they tell us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Soccer is one of the popular sports for many people .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
Other players just stand there and watch the game just like us .
Soccer could be one of the boring sports to other people .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some wines or the drink called Slivovice .
If you would like to ask anything or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
Awaiting your response .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
I am waiting for some instructions about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Here is some basic information about the news .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedies .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
I visit the Spaniards Arms quite often .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
Japanese people have the spirit of recycling and loving old things even now .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
He hears different kinds of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some types of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
Both characteristics will help you in other types of tasks and will improve your future development .
Nothing was found difficult or struggling .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feelings that I have ever felt in my life .
To begin with , the main change will be the use of renewable energy instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people are aware of environmental problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
Moreover , there will be important technological advances in our lives , like intelligent mobile phones which can help us with day - to - day tasks .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant activity , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Also , overspending .
In this essay I will be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which governments and individuals may help to overcome this challenge .
These phenomena cause serious damage to ecosystems and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There is scientific evidence that disasters like Katrina and Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
Governments can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of plastic materials , use public transport to control emissions , recycle waste etc .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
I am a very hard - working , organized , calm and friendly person .
My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
When he read the contents of the article , he discovered many of them were similar .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I found vast differences in teaching methods between Nepal and Australia .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
In the future , I will improve my learning strategies by working actively in groups .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You also have common meats and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
It is also said that at the time of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have least difficulties learning and relating with other students because they have got used to it before .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
Many automobile companies are working for a new future of automobiles .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and opportunities as people without a handicap .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the prices are reasonable .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
subject : the transport in my local area
As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
I believe that there should be more buses for the convenience of people .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of money to be played .
Anybody can play football .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
If you want to do this sport , you can simply take a pair of sneakers and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
On the one hand , without their career , they would be as normal as we are .
Driving is the reason why adults do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distances in individual vehicles , known as cars .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to cars .
There are plenty of choices ; novel , historical , drama or comedy .
Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my goal was that it could get accepted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
He had the feeling that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
There was a lack of ambition in him .
Padel is a sports activity you can enjoy with three other friends .
This letter is in regard to the summer camp job advertised in the newspaper .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
The tickets are very expensive and the trains are very old .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
Dinner includes two courses .
The main course is very heavy - lots of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat lighter dishes , like vegetables with rice .
Nearly every institution will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
This makes it nearly a complete self - study course , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
And finally , the third and last reason why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
The idea has declined that working and living need to be fairly close to each other .
Therefore , buses do not run as frequently or regularly as they used to .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any problems .
For instance , there is no need to change buses .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in terms of timing .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
It is a place where you can always find lots of tourists and foreigners .
I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortunately , that chair hit her in a serious way .
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest search engine ever created by human beings .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
You will be very excited seeing St. Basil 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
That is why I mention that my father never got toys when he was a child .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
For instance , in a big city , we can very easily find a specific place to serve our children , such as special toilets and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subway .
These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercise increase the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania , " investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity " .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate costs and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , public transport systems are still undeveloped and compel people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snacks between meals .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
Time travel !
But we got this perception just because our eyes can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and drought in Africa .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Saharan Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children have many difficulties .
Besides that , the lack of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough resources to treat the populations .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
For instance , some people discard cigarettes or matches which are unattended , like barbeques or campfires .
In addition , in many developing countries , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
I saw deer , bears , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
The next day , me and my best friend went to go bowling and play billiards while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
I did agility with my dog .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past ?
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
process is inspection , where the printed sheets are
It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time limitations .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage students to try and to learn from failure .
Students can learn some things from the process of the research .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
I might not have the typical sportswoman body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
So , having good time - management has become important in my studies .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for successful studying .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage time .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURISTS
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of product : local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is visited more than the city center , even though in the city center there is more variety than in Puerto Marina .
In light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we did promotions of the city center as a good destination .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
There are also many historical buildings in my country .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional foods in my country , so you can try different cuisines like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
So , these are the advice I can give you . Hope that it will help you when you come to my country .
Films do not occupy a great deal of my spare time .
The aim of the two characters was to win a piece of land in America .
Of course , our couple win a piece of land .
We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
They are quite big and a lot of important artists come .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Welcome tourists ,
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second language is English .
Without doubt , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport and possible improvement .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra fees and different zones .
It 's great that your college friends want to visit South Bohemia .
They can see 2 brown bears there and lots of souvenir shops too .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large numbers of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
Whatever type of journey you take , you would be more likely to prefer to use a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical exertion .
Mental exertion can not be excluded , but that is a different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
Although sometimes it might be rather noisy because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurant , relaxing .
However , traditional teaching methods , force - feeding students , have made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
Cáceres is visited by many tourists every year .
Jorge was a king who won an important battle against the Arabs .
The waitresses and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinkers , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centres .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
I can speak three languages .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
You can understand the guide , the signs ...
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temple of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right side one was for the military .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
If you begin to do this sport , you should wear good snorkeling goggles and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
These offer a campsite , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bath with a nice view .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am a suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
My grandmother used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
The exam is supposed to be on professional matters .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish collection system and to keep the city clean .
Rubbish recycling is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
Once again , there 's only one bin for all types of rubbish .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travelling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a large proportion of society who are sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probability of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
The technological devices help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were younger and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new devices are just things that they can not use or understand .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who are capable of understanding how to manage the modern devices and use all kinds of transportation .
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
Celebrities and their lives take intrinsic place in the lives of contemporary people .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - esteem .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
Each kind of guiding light helps us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
Furthermore , street children are a result of family troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnows grounded by chance .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human rocket that 's warming up on a neighboring track lane .
Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
The large - scale building projects do allow humans to have homes , but not the animals .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your veins .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
I am very keen on computer games too .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build a happy life .
The duration of the gadget fashion .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborgs .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale faces .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
Usually , they tend to hide their faces , since angels can not move freely when they watch each other .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the lack of pupils .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
Then , it seems that these statues might lose their spirits only when they get our gaze .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her role model .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her qualifications .
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
I 'm looking forward to a reply from you .
Evidence s that many natural systems have been affected by climate change , particularly by temperature rises .
First of all , as dioxides and carbon gases have been increasing ozone pollution in big cities worldwide , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative use of transportation .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damage and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect dessert .
First of all , they are supposed to be designed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult times of my life .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
This picture illustrates the process of producing bank notes .
The first step is to design the appearance of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plate preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
Some of these have the same aims .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
Additionally , taking public transport costs less .
Compared to driving a car , it only costs us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single journey .
We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of petrol .
Taking public transport can efficiently reduce the emission of carbon dioxide and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
For example , the speed of transportation could become faster , use green energy sources , increase the capacity of the public vehicles and so on .
It is important when we work or study in international areas .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their lives .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
First , as technology has developed , we may find visiting museums is far from convenient .
People using new techniques have gradually become the majority .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museums in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flight to Beijing where the museum locates .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Firstly , my main goal is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
The selected college should be used to teaching these skills properly .
Summer camp is all about providing fun activities in a safe environment .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work day in many hospitals .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching discussions and speeches by outstanding leaders .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your cuisine because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
To be brief , taking public transport not only avoids congestion problems to save time but benefits mother nature 's future .
Three consecutive years he had competed in the local race , but at most he had managed get second place .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they could and he also asked his trainer to talk to the owner of the race track .
The future is one of the biggest questions for us .
Likewise , something which could change is the materials with which we will build houses .
After days of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not contain the water when it is out of its limitation .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good life .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because people can get rewards from nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
Sports events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between nations .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia , the players played quite violently , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
My position involved developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the company 's events .
I believe that my experience in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
The last point that has changed people 's lives is the tendency to have the same thoughts or the same goods .
There are also positive aspects . For example , there is progress in the area of medicine or in the use of eco - resources .
Will people 's lives change again ?
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
To my mind , the beauty of music does not depend on its varieties .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like courts or government .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with impressive ancient neighbourhoods , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Tom loves asking himself questions about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can answer his questions .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
Most of the furnishings will be machines and domestic activities will be done for us .
It seemed like a bunch of armed men were trying to beat each other .
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short trips per year , and I always take this opportunity .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and languages and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
All the buildings here have been built to respect the environment . In fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
You will be able to see ancient and modern buildings such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civic buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for trade and commerce .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad show an improvement in just one or two months .
People travel less on public transport these days .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
In this essay , these concerns are studied carefully .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public transport .
Hence , public transport takes more time to travel .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the travel time .
We will face more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental damage .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
However , the more we feel comfortable , the more the damage to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
Also , after people talk to her , they always want to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friend .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
To illustrate , my nephew did not get a great score in his test .
My nephew had courage after his mother talked to him .
Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
Our world 's great scientists have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
Using the internet in the wrong way may affect their studies and health as well .
Dear Manager of the Summer Camp , USA ,
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I have a good understanding of children .
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attractions .
Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beaches , you should come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
It takes almost 15 hours , but you can have views of villages during the trip .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporary job here , unless you have got any connections with agencies or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
It is true that the scale of current weddings is larger and more luxurious than in the past .
Thanks to increasing living standards , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an opportunity for them to show off .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
Obviously , expensive and larger weddings have some benefits .
It is a special chance to bring people together .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremonies to make the wedding serious .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
To whom it may concern ,
I was in charge of the ticket sales .
I could see the show from my station but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the cost of travelling by private vehicle .
In the same surveys , the researchers show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
As for the pollution , it could be reduced if people used public transport ; it is well - known that CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transport are 80% less than a car .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
It usually starts with small talk or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appreciation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationship .
A true friendship forms itself on a foundation of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and companionship .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
However , this choice may not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always room for further discussion .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routes to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach your destination .
Safety issues are also very important .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and freckles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing gaze .
This film stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their roles very convincingly .
However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's desire had been stronger than her fears .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email address .
I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
During my studies , my parents and I noticed that I understood kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my Master 's studies in Europe or America .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my studies abroad in .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate studies and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering Master 's program .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in beautiful countryside .
I hope that I get the chance to complete my studies at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
The most common reasons to study a language are work and travel .
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other languages before we can communicate well in English .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject .
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
Four and five star hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to hosting this sports competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
In Zermatt you can see the Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise sauce .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise sauce . It is a very good combination .
On the Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisines .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the things I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid hot dogs .
That is why I wish to work in the area of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and algorithms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact science courses .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
It was built in two different parts .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
Despite their beauty , new forms of art are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
Seeing a Da Vinci portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
Classical art was easier for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern artworks are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
Kitesurfing - this sport is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , like Poland or Germany !
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toilets .
So if you are ever even considering the idea of taking a gap - year , do n't hesitate , just do it .
We encourage people who come up with any innovative ideas about how we could further protect the environment .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interfere with their personal lives .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate affairs .
There are some boundaries that should n't be crossed .
We should respect other people 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
Nature is one of the most important themes in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelists and poets .
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
The idea of the sublime that Wordsworth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feelings of awe , danger or weakness .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp with the St John 's Ambulance .
A reason for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several of the latest movies .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycling bins in their homes .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season staff are hired .
There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minute break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
Date : 27 September 2014
However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
I wo n't be much trouble for anyone .
He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Trains are a great mode of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XVth century .
On Sundays , the range of products is much bigger .
We have seen a great drop in the amount of solid waste .
Eco - tours are also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
With concerted efforts , we have made great strides in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining amount of waste and increasing amount of greenery .
It depends on the person how often he goes to buy groceries , probably according to individual needs .
If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
She always wanted to be in the spotlight , and she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genres or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
Abortion can be given as an option in life-threatening.pregnancies .
Development of emotional and psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a result .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of conception as a result of sexual abuse .
Conception as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situations where abortion is given as an option .
Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to succeed in a future job , but I do n't agree with this statement .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy society 's needs and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play board games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
Together we make this world a better place .
For instance , filling the fridge with a large amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and having some fun with friends regularly .
The more computer science influences humans ' lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Only a decade ago , robotics was limited to scientific research .
2012 ) described an experiment by Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also identify weaknesses of students specifically .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are able to react to their surroundings , and build binary expressions to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out with this shortcoming .
It is possible that robotics will be a normal part of individuals ' lives .
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interest .
Much shorter than their fellow tennis players , they have always been able to compensate for their physical shortcomings with an extremely good technique accompanied by a strong head .
You are alone on the tennis court facing your opponent .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
I 've had lots of things on my mind recently , especially after my mom died .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same number of times .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
Proposal for the introduction of a sports activity .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practise these kinds of activities .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running track where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacles in their way .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young cane toads from moving through the waterways , the fence is useless .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spread by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
But it is also because of these sets of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new graffiti .
Although it had bad reviews , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programs that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
Social networking technology is a tool used by people all around the world .
It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolation , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
Finally , authentic materials in foreign languages were not found in the school 's library .
It is crucial to provide students with printed materials in the target language .
On the other hand , I have been in search of a series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is becoming old - fashioned .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite actresses .
My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environments .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
And it will be good preparation for your studies at college .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress . She has amazing friends and they have a band together .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy ending and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Despite its ending and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of mission statements around the world .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily life .
I pride myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thinking and writing skills .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts through a combination of individual sessions , class activities , and group discussion .
The action takes place in Japan , in the time of samurais and witches .
And I just ca n't forget to mention the beautiful scenery and realistic special effects .
A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's lives .
This powerful vehicle is considered vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many respects .
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastics .
The companionship of our loved ones is always the best solution to release our pressure .
There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear tiring music there , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queues are usually very long .
Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
Sometimes it is also a problem for women who want to go shopping with their partner .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meters tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
Having goals in life will make one 's life meaningful and purposeful .
Secondly , the experience one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more mature ,
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
Apart from that , we also need to design security features .
Louis got caught and told the police that Lucas was the one that had broken it .
Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
Due to an unsuccessful operation he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literally anything to save a patient 's life , although he sometimes goes too far .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal actions , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors which may have caused the particular disease , and he is hardly ever punished for it .
I was amazed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeare 's more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
In the historical , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
On the contrary , the reality was inconsistent with what he expected .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether to go home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two carp leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Also , it was the governor 's ultimate purpose .
It does not boost their confidence in future prospects .
It would be a long - lasting benefit for both parties .
Our state would have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable resource .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
It literally looked like a piece of abstract painting .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraints and timing .
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one group of magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Last week , we went to Mount Fuji .
The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
I saw dive - buddies and even professional dive masters pushing and encouraging novice divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal training and practice .
Fame is a side effect of work in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
Let 's step into famous people 's shoes .
Although the importance of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
It took years for people to recognize that their senses of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
The restaurant 's slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
This said , you can imagine the atmosphere is comfortably airy .
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a means of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three methods of self - presentation in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
Continuous updating , as a method of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizens ) have the right to know everything they do if we want .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
When the weather is good , especially during spring , street markets are really popular .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make our lives any easier at all .
At the end of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seems to be our best option .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brazil .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything worked well : the sound , the lighting and the instruments .
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kinds of boats .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly means of transport .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travel .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sports events , but they do n't go in for sports .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , boxing , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help talking about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sport .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our lives .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that are joined together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kinds of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacation .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacation week .
We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
Indeed , what I did in the vacation was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organization ?
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their faces .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
While conducting a needs analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proven to be necessary in a class with varied levels of student .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experiences , pass internships and study abroad .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including art , music , literature etc .
If your destination is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
As a country with one of the longest coastlines in the world , I definitely would recommend you to visit the beautiful beaches we have .
But the most memorable thing was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining activities .
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning process and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
Given the experience gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the control of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
In 1995 , the French came to notice that their language was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same language and who are at the same level in their vocabulary .
If the French and British spoke the same language equally , trade would go up by 44 per cent .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situations . »
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
The admission tickets to most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be great shelters for homeless people .
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorship .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with the renovation of their house .
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst of criminality .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
This is true in many respects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
This leads , among other things , to the possibility for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes an inability to establish meaningful relationships .
The young generation in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
Flattery is different . It is easier to recognize .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
There are some that do not need too much energy and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
I suggest that everyone should try martial arts .
But before starting , you should evaluate your needs and your health .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
In hindsight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent buildings , and where you can enjoy the latest technology and have fun .
I suggest visiting the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the country inside the city .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
The learning of our mother tongue is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and global society .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good proficiency has given me the chance to get a position in an international team .
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical student .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contact with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
I know that the countryside is really lovely there .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
It was a winter 's night .
When we arrived at the police station , I met an officer called Michael .
A police officer 's car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank note printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both sides of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
Sheets in the second group then get separated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where separate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
This leads us to the conclusion that the process of bank note creation is secure as well as simple .
Given my related experience and excellent abilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
They moved in the crowd that made various phone calls and talked about their busy lives .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interior of the building .
One of the bosses in charge of such things .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
The six friends might not have the same opinions , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
On one hand , parents should take responsibility for their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children 's education .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to those of the parents would be a great help in the child raising process .
I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer break during that period .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrills , money - making or good fighting evil .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to deal with these problems .
There are some unfavorable influences on people 's lives .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a mask while doing outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
They have to migrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the migration most of them will die because of lack of water , high temperatures or predators .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to humans and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
I would like to answer some questions from the guidelines on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
The trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physically but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves the children in the hell it causes .
Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
I think there is a role for both modes of transport after taking into account all of the above reasons .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino films and it 's very different from previous ones .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino . It 's about a retired army colonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
These variables include internal and external cultural aspects .
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , group- , and organizational performances .
The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employees experience .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediately .
Old clothes , books and toys in good condition can be passed on to charity shops .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck the whole society with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomena .
Generally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hot days , and a decrease of cold days .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animals ' living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change related to natural disasters also causes famine , which has caused deaths and forced people as well as animals to leave their homes . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem allowance .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide medium brings to our society .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our education and help us to be more critical towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palms in a way I could have no control over .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
This is clearly seen when driving along the road and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the road .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like coordination , flexibility , and physical fitness , just to mention a few .
This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
Especially when they have to live under a great number of rules .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgery is usually needed .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medication such as analgesics and paracetamol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important method of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you follow this advice :
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their eagerness to show their kids that they are great and responsible parents .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
CO2 can destroy the ozone layer .
It has a couple of good tunes and they use them .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent educational materials for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving forces of the Western economy .
However , others claim that it is vital for society and future generations .
It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified food technology could be applied to address this problem .
It is well known that GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance genes .
This reduction in the application of chemical products can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
In view of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortages .
Students ' Use of Leisure Time
For example , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationships with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
In the former , people have almost equal ability , and value interpersonal relationships .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your memory gets better and better .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
Also , it shows the attitude of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different types of political leadership .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred for maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petrol .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those unavoidable extra costs .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
Hence , contrary to many people 's perceptions , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concerns .
However , it is one of the most motivating challenges in our lives .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing issue due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
It 's about 6 euros .
Jake is a freelance journalist .
A few months ago , he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels suburb .
Towns are congested with traffic james , especially during rush hours .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's lives and their surroundings .
Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jams
Communications - it eases movement from place to place
Therefore , it all comes down in this essay to expressing feelings about Seville and its surroundings .
To make matters even better , there was some music playing a few metres ahead , which contributed to livening up the spirits of everyone present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
This TV series is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama series to other people .
It is important to gain awareness about different cultures due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
I am writing to complain about the suggested ban on smoking in public areas .
In the first place , few people knew about this law , and , of course , most businesses opposed the idea .
If this happened in Cafe Noir , I could probably lose my job .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishment could be an excellent idea .
I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate studies , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
Beyond my academic subjects , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
I attended training sessions and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budget we had .
When I finished high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Another rapidly expanding social networking tool is Twitter .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
My ex - husband taught me not to get involved with some kinds of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
A mother is absolutely fundamental and the basis for the man 's principles and beliefs .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could make up for his mistake .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
One of the latest films I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
I personally think that the film shows an interesting view of psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problem .
They enjoy both local bands ' output and some foreign songs .
Outline of the club 's activity
Unfortunately , organising these kinds of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
The lighting in shops is unpleasant .
I 'm not able to find any nice clothes .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skates I liked .
I learned how to jump over many things , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide path by the sea .
They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feelings , and it was indescribable .
Unlike in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
This weather was an obstacle . It was impossible to skate in these conditions .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it is one of the biggest and busiest ports in the world .
Graffiti on the walls and small alleyways create a punky ambience .
I ca n't bear even a second of our awkward silences .
He is the most important thing to me .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
It consists of eight parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for putting on a play and A few final thoughts .
For example , if people know that by using buses and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike complies with the safety regulations .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of cycle paths .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the traffic while remaining polite with others , there is no reason to be afraid .
And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of event .
And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous sight of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing countries to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
The article was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
So now the most important factor is that mobile networks are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure commitments .
The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of project , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in a large number of useful ways .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
A bus or an underground train can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in a sports summer camp .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectations for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skills .
1 ) What are your educational qualifications ( ex .
Response : My educational qualifications are Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive way , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster mode of transport .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable solutions .
This is because there is a huge level of water use in people 's daily lives , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routines is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual lives and the global environment .
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the rush of adrenalin .
Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the ground .
As you can imagine , there is some advice that you should follow if you want to take it up .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body language as much as film actors .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes these acting performances perfect .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
The ultimate aim was to get feedback for service - improvement purposes .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KET and PET .
While we might talk about our jobs a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of people .
These people can be deemed as the best teachers in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speeches of the leaders .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
On the other hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest solutions .
Dear colleague
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
as I see it , it is my job to clarify things and help my pupils to understand .
It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
Yes , she should accept this offer .
He could hear thunder shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
Was it the best thing life could offer ?
These small things give me a lot .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years in both personal and professional capacities .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationship skills .
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shoot .
However , there are some shortcomings that could be fixed .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measures we know .
I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prices .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city hall .
I leave you her mobile number in case you need it : 681234567 .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
We must keep doing our day - to - day tasks at work and at home , and , at the same time , maintain our social life and entertainment activities .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points and routes .
In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , genius resembles mental illness .
They prefer classes with lectures and almost no discussion .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student have an advantage for the students because they learn how to interact with their fellow students .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
On one day , we spoke about medical treatment costs in different countries and one of my friends , Wole , was from Nigeria .
All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lectures are preferable because interaction with other students will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
Being ranked in the Michelin guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do something to avoid it .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more rain during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
We human beings are highly socialized creatures in the world .
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental life skills on which their progeny count .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people with different lifestyles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in contact with nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
I remember the laughter of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam I should take ; the Academic or the General Version ?
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the dessert .
His first stop was the garage where he had to pay and pick up his friend Rob 's car .
There is probably an array of reasons to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the reason for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to getting youngsters fitter , lies in modernity .
Good thrillers have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
The adherents of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own belief in their child 's potential to become a famous genius .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as impractical and unachievable .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handicrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
I have a great personality .
I am quite good at organising sports events and games .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I have been looking for a change as well as more personal growth .
There is a place in my country which played a very important role during World War II .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
Their story has been written and people could finally discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
But a disadvantage is that car maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
Finally , and on a more positive note , we 're walking towards a global world .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impress with interesting design ideas and unique styles .
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
He also learned how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his colleagues .
Even though their relationship was of the quarrelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair were as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon formal qualifications in future .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economies rapidly , and it means that many areas of farmland and forests are being cut down to build better and bigger houses and a more convenient transportation system .
Secondly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the areas of farmland are also decreasing .
The government should find a balance between economic development and agricultural development .
I think that it will have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people great and then vigorously develop the economy .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
After my studies , I did a Master 's in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
I have done an internship at the reception in one of the best VIP designer hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
She has a really skinny body , and her hands are long and covered in brown spots .
It feels just like a horror movie .
And then , Allison 's body is found .
After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
Will you help me to write a striking CV ?
It had been a hot summer 's day .
