I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology clinic and help people .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
Depending on the distance and time to the desired destination , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Since , we have the option to stop anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train or plane ) .
I am looking forward to joining you in this year 's summer camps .
My family think that my cooking is amazing .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of places to visit .
On the other hand , in my country there are few jobs because the economy is very bad .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history . It brings a number of benefits in our life .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offspring .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jams will be more serious than before .
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
The car is convenient for humans , but it brings damage for humans too .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is emitted by cars .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international trip ?
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , family members play important roles in our daily lives .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , family members are the most important friends in our lives .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I have experience of holding basketball competitions when I was a student .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
This conclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figures and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has drastically changed in the past 10 years .
Meanwhile , it boosted economic growth and job opportunities , thereby enhancing Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Governments should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
My favourite sport is football .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
I have seen your advertisement in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
What does " Family " mean ?
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
Around the city , you can find many places where people throw fridges , ovens , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
I remember , when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party . I think that that day was one of the worst days of my life .
He is the most important person in my life .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of energy to protect his own life .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
My name is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I live in Germany .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensitivity , robustness of results and less time required for analyzing a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change has happened .
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learns different basics from a great number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Public transport is the cheaper way of travelling , so it has a future .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
Besides , public transport pollutes less than cars .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , completing summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assisting the instructor , helped the instructor organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also cleaning the classroom , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
Swimming is relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool . But sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
Dance is a passion , a way of life .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practising all day until you can .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
My mom and my dad are good people .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
I ca n't imagine my life without friends .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuff .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any seats for me .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
The AVE or aeroplane is a good option for long trips .
Dear Mr Dimara ,
It is very bad for our city because when some new people visit Patras they see these things .
Also , they would have an opportunity to be involved in volunteer work .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
One year is not a long time .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful place .
They spend at least one hour learning English every day .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball matches on television .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
Sustainable development should be awaness to all human beings and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
He has many achievements , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
It 's because swimming is really fun .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one throws rubbish on the ground .
There are spcejalne places where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
Secondly , the public vehicle routes are more far than usual route .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than buying a new car and , for the adventurer who wants to have an exciting journey for then to see more action .
Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
No one can deny that the pollution problem is one of the most important things which should be prevented .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
Due to mineral extraction , many people in our hometown will probably earn much more money than before .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of vacancies .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
I saw a TV programme about trains in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial subject nowadays .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty artworks are being sold at auctions around the world for extraordinarily high prices .
That feeling was very pleasant and made me feel relaxed .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house to be the champions .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
I took every free minute to go snowboarding .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for anyone who wants to come to other thoughts .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
There are three reasons to choose this .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
The third one is comfort .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
I usually play video games if I do not have any homework to do .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
Also there are a lot of educational channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new things about the past .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
His skin is colored red , just like their father 's .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the tickets , food for musicians and things like that .
When the concert finished , we went to the dressing room to get autographs from musicians .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
In one ad there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
In spite of this , summer is a very good time to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the heat of summer .
I saw your advertisement in the newspaper and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment . That 's why I need to work in order to pay my fees .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to make a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air , creates a wonderful state of mind .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
Swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in peak hours and the trainers are everywhere and ready to give help .
The third step is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 bank notes per sheet .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years ' experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have good teamworking skills .
However , it 's possible that we wo n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year 's experience .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teaching team .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
I do not like to be alone or feel lonely . This could be one of my great weaknesses .
Young people are usually hard - working and active people .
More reasons and details will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studied rather than having a long break .
For instance , learning English should be a daily activity . If you have a long time without studying English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
I like to speak with my teammates .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she said they do not see me frequently and many other members of my family .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartment to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
An example of this is the marriage of homosexuals , where some states allow this marriage , others do n't .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comments .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
We set our clocks forward one hour in March .
We usually set our clocks back an hour in October .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's banks .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
The most important thing in environmental protection is the education of children .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or paper .
It shows that this kind of thing can have a second life .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
A great number of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearance of a lot of plants and animals .
It was built in 79 A.D. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all classes of people in society .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantages and disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both have equal advantages and disadvantages .
However , during the rush hour , there are always such a ruin people who have no public awareness at all .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Everyone should develop their awareness of public manners .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm . I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
When we see all the cars in our yards , when we sit in traffic jams , we think that one day we will have to leave our car and use public transport .
How many languages do you speak ?
Over these years , there are more and more terrible incidents happening around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
If people around the world do n't put more emphasis on our natural environment , we will have a dark and hopeless future .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
In this situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fighting , hatred and sadness .
These terrible consequences are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied hearts .
Friends , from now , let us be the ones to protect and take care of our Earth !
The reason is that people must complete their tasks in order to earn more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual thoughts .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest mode of transport .
And this undesirable waiting time might not be so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedules .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private cars .
As we all know , the more passengers use public transport , the less car exhaust is emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidence that there is a strong relationship between car exhaust and lung cancer .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
Second , public transport saves city space .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
Drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense mood .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier .
Today , I went to Winnie 's house with Adriana in the afternoon .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
Relaxation , learning , kitchen zones , and so on .
Swimming has different styles ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
My job was checking the song list which singers would perform .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
The recent developments in mobile technology allow advertisers to offer personalized advertising to each of us .
I could invite my friends and relatives .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skill step by step .
All TV channels tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some budget deficits . Today there are mainly two TV groups .
It is expensive to keep journalists and cameramen all around the world .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcasting groups can be in the competition .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different ways to find the way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best thing for you is movies .
I think that books are better than their film versions .
In Italy , I attend a school for waiters and cooks , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I have been employed in many famous restaurants .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
In my view , public figures deserve to have their own life , without being photographed .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to live their lives in an exemplary way .
They notice any kind of failure .
It seems to me that journalists might be absolutely toxic and they have a bad influence on society , which assesses celebrities through the prism of journalistic documentary .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , cars can not be parked in some places , such as the old city and the city centre .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
Climate change due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educator since I was 16 .
As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
In times of joy and sorrow .
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
they use good quality English which avoids slang .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father was one of his biggest dreams , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
To begin , I am going to talk about what is my favourite sport and why I enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach . This is because I do not like bright sunshine and sand .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste with the active cooperation of most of the citizens , who are really concerned about the recycling of waste .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fares on public transport ) , but also , it is safer .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
Disagreement on always telling the truth being the most important thing in a relationship will be my opinion .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
In that case , they could still make conversation without spoiling her mood .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
That is a good quality of mine ; I learn things very fast and I can also get used to new things .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
In my area there are many railway services and they 're often overcrowded .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shop near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
To my mind , there should be a boundary between paparazzi work and the privacy of famous people .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other meals .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
All the households nearby the public road throw dirty things away easily and do n't even bother about the order of the municipality .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow citizens and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savages .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
As a matter of fact , car ownership has increased over the last decades , reducing the number of people using public transport .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fare rather than pay for a full tank .
You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
At the time , he did n't realise that .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electronics student from Italy , in the north .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the names of famous women and lovely drinks .
Mar Azul Restaurant , in the north of Mexico City , was the location for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
This child has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and her own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular child with a terrible life .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a child who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashbacks .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a child .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world 's best pizza .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious food , the service is friendly and efficient .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and dessert .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
Of the given sources , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 sources eaten , 3 of them maintained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is clear from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady over the 25 year period .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
City X " incinerates hospital waste , in accordance with legal requirements , and sends 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The avant - garde and futuristic designs of houses will be the most desirable .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern artwork and it will be hard to describe the shape .
Suitable dress comes across as effective and reliable .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adults ' awareness , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create job vacancies .
Even if companies hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be growth in the number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is hiring qualified personnel .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the survival of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can do all banking transactions on the spot .
And doing transactions by phone is actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my services .
After six years of rigorous high school study and past experiences , I have no doubt that the choices I 've selected above are not accidental .
I 've also participated in various group projects and class projects while in high school .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the choices I 've selected above .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect ) and Captain of the school soccer team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays midfield .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to any of my chosen universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing that might have caused it .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problems , however , you may need to practise a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Currently I am working for a as an editor .
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
accepted homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated occurrence .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardized tests and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular regard .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camps that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the road .
Simply , you can use the journey to work as additional time for yourself .
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
Why use first person narration ?
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this story , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the varieties of animals which are found there " , Max said to his friends one sunny afternoon .
One of Max 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer .
The Guardian article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and take advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I would advise him to watch the batting of greats like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
But I am sure it will come out of this strong and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its fans a magnificent show .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Age .
A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sports activities !
There are two swimming pools , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing lessons and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance style , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded courtyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother tongue .
This could be one of the reasons why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishing village .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
There are all sorts of proposals ; lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the later rounds . These would all show off the boxers ' skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing . Even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweetheart 's brother .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britain 's relationship with Europe .
On Britain 's roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UK 's transport network .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western world 's population .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways to private rail companies , profit motivated .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sport 's sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' sport ' safer : having ringside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvas , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson 's comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewer recently beginning a subscription to view Tyson 's " next Live Lights " .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Poland and Rumania rose against communist regimes as well . Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc . As such , it was the catalyst that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell .
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatoes .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a test tube .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
There are people who are against this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child to have started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Bodies can start their days in a test tube .
The woman has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosome .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperm 's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cow 's offal must be contained within the beef ,
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their peers .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can be given by newspapers .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
The TV has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
TV is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strains of AIDS do exist .
In my opinion , the discovery and harnessing of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
The pro s and con s of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
Unfortunately , with each passing day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy increases .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our atmosphere , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
The lack of vision from our leaders is almost appalling .
The extent to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance travel was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it also saves money .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
However , with the dawn of the twentieth century , a storm brewed .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
TV commercials and TV programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candide 's marriage to Cunegonde .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentility .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a person 's heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American cultures .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazz and Blues music .
The reason for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
