I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
I am looking forward to join you in this year summer camps .
My family think that my cook is amazing .
On the one hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
On the other hand , in my country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
Therefore , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what 's the best way to do an international travel ?
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In this case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this case , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Meanwhile , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
My favourite sport is football game .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
What is the " Family " meaning ?
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
Around the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
He is the most important people of my life .
A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
Each person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 years old . I 'm living in german .
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
Besides , public transport pollute less than cars .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
Dance is a passion , a type of life .
If dance is your passion , you practise every day , and you 'll keep practise all the days until you can .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
I ca n't imagine my lifetime without friends .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
From inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Today topic is Technology .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n't sit down because there are n't any chair for me .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
Dear sir Dimara .
For our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
One year is not long period .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
You should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
When I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
It 's because swim is really fun .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
In my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
Nevertheless , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
I saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
That feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
I took every free minute to drive snowboard .
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
There are three reason to choose this .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Third one is comfort level .
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Also there are a lots of educate channels .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
His skin is colored red , just like the father .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
When the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
I think those activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I 'm very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
The sensation of being embraced by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes .
Usually there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
Eventhough it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
Young people are usually hard - working and active person .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
I like to speak with my team partners .
when I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
My aunt gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
We set our clock forward one hour in March .
We usually set our clock back an hour in October .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
It shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
When we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
How many language do you speak ?
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
If people around the world could n't put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
In this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fight , hatred and sadness .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Friends , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
The reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
Furthermore , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , the more public transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
Recently , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Second , public transport saves city spaces .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Today , I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
Swimming has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
My job was checking songs list which singers would perform .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
The recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I could invite my friends and relativs .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
Next , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
For ten years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
I suppose that books are better than them film version .
In Italy , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
In my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
Notice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
50 years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
I 've worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
As you requested , I attach it in this mail .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
they use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
In that case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
That is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
In my area there are many railway lines and they 're often overcrowded .
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
I 'm seventeen years old and I 'm an electonics ' student from Italy , in the north .
It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
Mar Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
This kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
Moreover , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
Also , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
Of the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
City X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories .
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
Suitable dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
Instead , if my goal was to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
The most expensive thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
And doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I 've selected above are not accidental .
I 've also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I would love to associate with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I 've selected above .
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
So if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
Luckily , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
Homeschooled students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
Simply , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
Why using the first narration ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
" Let 's go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
One of Max 's friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
The Guardian 's article " World 's climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
But I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
On Britains roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
This leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with T.V. channels competeing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The excitement of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin-
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
Many people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
Bodies can start their days in a test tubes .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
This makes it hard , because if they do n't , they are looked down upon by their piers .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the T.V. at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
T.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
Doctors are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
Unfortunately , with each progressive day , the world 's need for this dangerous energy augments .
In utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
The extend to which this invention has altered people 's lives is astronomical .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I 'm also able to process and to edit things quickly .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
If you had told someone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
In the 20th cen , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Candide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
But a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
The cause for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children 's minds .
