There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
Today we have lots of sports games .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
In the today society .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
It keeps our body strong .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
I have made many mistake I guess .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Transport is more important for our life .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
These are my friends hobbies .
I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .
My ultimate aim is to continue my study .
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
But most of young society are not interested this type of music .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .
I think the style is very important in our life .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .
It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .
private cars reduce the affection .
Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
Do you practise sport this year ?
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
clients search , customers support , conflicts solutions
Like glass , plastic or paper -containers .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
Girls usually follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .
Boys like following channel on youtube .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
The castle 's look is in the Neo - Gothic style .
This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
I like fight , because I like to hit someone .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We could visit every places with no limitation time .
They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
and paid the money for her brother surgery .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
Our Future 's Lives :
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .
Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
And you can never return to be the one you used to be .
It is said to happen once in life .
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
PD : we have to meet
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
My cough is very friendly and help me
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I am stydying envaermantal saents .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
So , you can enjoy your time without money 's problem .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
There are several type of transport in my town .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .
Do you like studying Laws ?
I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .
I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
They will serve us instead of human servant .
There will be any poor in the streets .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
So you need to be careful that kind of people .
. you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport systems .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
In contrast , there are two different type of company in the technology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .
Dear Mrs Kate Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the key inside the home !
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
But not so many people have a driver license .
You can meet every kind of people .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .
They explained all services procedures .
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
Never nobody heard any discussion .
They met with the layer .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
They use these car to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
We have to live our life .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .
Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
She is tanned and has a slim complexion .
Dear Redaction ,
I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
Home rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
There are two teams and each team has the same amount of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
People had drived car to go a work .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
So we must reduce by car on street .
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
We need to start doing something to avoid contamination .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
Thank you for your care .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
So I got a lot troubles :
1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
How many car for all of people in the world ?
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
I have never seen this view .
Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
That is eight - episodes film .
I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .
When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
Socializing person does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Dear |Hadeel ,
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
Due to our helpful people is works become easier .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
For multinational maybe ?
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
So what time will you finish session ?
I will wait for you in the gate cinema .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
My name is Natalia Goraya .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
It is more than thousands of mails long .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .
We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with happiness .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
He loved her for her flame .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
Yara finished one of your training .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
A new way of transport mut be included .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
I thought that was only seen in film .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial art .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
Web Programming with my friend .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
both opinion have their merits .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
This makes the city be crowded .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercises and so on .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Inspect closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .
Relationship can be very different ?
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .
Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .
It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
All company are the same , any solve your problems .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
We have a lot of nice old town .
If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
People wear special dress .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
Nuclear energy is one of most important source to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
There are a history that the man ca n't to see
his woman before the date of wedding .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Old and young are benefit from sports .
I play it with my companions .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
fsdjgdofg
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .
Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .
The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
Collecting book is my favourite pastime .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
They cook good meal .
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
My English is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
they spent their life helping us to be good men .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .
However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
Also for our wire rack , plastic
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
The temperatures was over 20 degrees .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .
Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I hope yours news .
Anyone has their favorite sports .
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
of fun and play with family or friend happily .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .
In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
About the contamination , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
Technology has good thing and bad things .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballer .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
It bring unity among country .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
I can say that is the most natural move for human .
It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelf with my games .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .
Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
They stop in a dressmaker market .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
There is n't any animal on the farm .
You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
Dear Carlos Sotelo ,
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the charge .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
When he arrives she tells him the event .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
Michael face was awfully red .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
3 . Farmer markets .
If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
I read this news , now .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .
Second facility is public bus .
Large of bus all around the city .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
Third , lots of green area .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .
And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .
If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular type of translation nowadays .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
In additions , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Two year ago , I won a nice cap .
Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong spaces .
Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .
It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
But at the region where I live I had not found .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
Hope this message finds you in good health 
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
I did n't call , send message and met him .
He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .
You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .
Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south pole .
Hot spot helps to get more security .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
I have many problem with my speaking skill .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .
But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
Those channel always content a lot of new technology .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
I do not have very good english writing skill .
My grammar and spellings are week .
When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
plane , train , and boat are the ways to travel .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring protection cream with you .
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
It can Avoid catch cold .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
You need to have ability to play it .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activity .
I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
There are no car , no metro in Venice .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
You know that I love action film like this .
He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
Why are so many cool man in this world .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
public transport is important for anyone .
Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .
My story with basketball were very short .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
Progress of the technique is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
I also have confronting problem skill .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
This writing will explain these different stept .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
It can be painted with new colour .
They do not look like big white ball .
Urban flood is one of them .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
You have asked about a server in your cafe .
In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
The baby name was nemo .
The only thing they found was a pair of googles that said the direccion of the man .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
I think I would have the same perpelxity .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
" The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by blocks and transport networks .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computer ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental changes .
Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
thanks a lot for your respond .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
My family is my best friend to me .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of others .
Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass .
Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .
In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
You can change your plans and choose another direction .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
It 's a very good method to travel in the city .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
annonced the way take about the town .
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .
About 500 meter to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
All these reasons could be very bad for their health in the future .
So it 's very important to give them a healthy education .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
Best regard , and look forward to your reply .
In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
In the past , I did some exercises .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .
The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
There is a grass floor , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Everyone says that our lifes are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
I want to talk about my favourite sport game .
This is really my favourite sport game .
I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .
I enjoy fun with childrens .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
First of all , swim can help your health .
The research declined that swim can decrease disease .
Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .
I used to work full - time jog .
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
Dear Mr ,
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different city 's and countries .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
How much are the costs and how often will we have the course ?
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
- I 'm just late riser person .
Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
- just follow the day regiment .
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
Their lifes are focused on their careers .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course map .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25 years boy .
Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
However , the way has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong concept .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
Karate is not a difficult skill sport .
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their car less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
The biggest benefit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and professors to deal with exam stress .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experiences .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
I think this is traitors ' action .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
There are different number of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
The first thing to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
Everybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
I am always glad to receive your letter !
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
technological development .
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both believers and opponents .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
I took a part - time employment with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
The article is devoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
It is an individual but also team activity .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first advice .
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
It 's a suffering for every man .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's keys .
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
The meet is not salty as
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Technology will be our best friends .
What about the relationship ?
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great amount of people to work there .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
I woke up in surprise .
She told me not to watch horror movie again .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
He felt a range and a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
Famous people haven't got private life .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence cost , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
However , the most impressive thing is the game of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
And that 's why I find this move so excited .
An enormous amount of additional attractions for viewer provided me with unforgettable feelings .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
To resolve this trouble , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
I was not expect any letter .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
Have a good travel !
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
Public activity is one of the most important thing .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
One of the purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Dear principle ,
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
Public transport is going to face a huge decrease in the near future .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
We need more caring person !
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic demand .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
That was the most important fact about me .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
Ou
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
The city looks beautiful in this time .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policy on road and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her tool of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
Driving is not everyone can do .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
I think there are good tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
It could be a good idea to find a large location .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
It was one of the happiest day of her life .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
This job is related to subject of my interest .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impact on different species .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
It 's a range of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
The messages are very important which effect me .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteer and if you are considering
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
But the form of using cars could change .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
They are key corner in forensic investigation .
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
Every one was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
Students go to school or university by cars as well .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
You drive the way you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
The pollution of many car is so much .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
It 's good for you to take a year brake before continuing with your studies .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst kids and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
Although I have no title , I love cooking .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious school in the Philippines .
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and foods or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his partner at school .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
The following are worth noting about me .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
Clothes at short price
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
They have to find another work .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
They send their curriculum .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of the old town .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
Then print the banknote .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something like that ?
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
The nature in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother language .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
So now I have two main purposes .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little offer and I invited him to come back again !
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
The public administration helped us when we showed our solutions .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using toxic materials and mining commodities from the Earth .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
My employers have never complained of my services .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
Paparazzoes make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
She just felt it under her skin .
She always believed in such premonition .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
Now , young people like different kind of music , I think
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
They have many different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
Every way I 'd tried was useless .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Please let me know if you need something extra while you are here .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another method of admiring girls .
Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the sport .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
For one thing - convenience .
His wound is healing well and is free from complication .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
Taxy is the first variant .
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
The other evening , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
Cantonese always spend their holiday with their child here .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
I had never played a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
There are four type of rubbish skip .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
Apart from that , there are other container focused on every type of objects .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma 's .
Some advantages could be :
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the situation .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
That is our responsibility for future generation .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Then what about my look .
Maybe I should bring her smt from here ?
Or maybe she wants smt else ?
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thriller movies .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this journey , and especially my listened and spoken English .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
He uses indirect word , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualification .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
To my mind , bike is the best way of traveling .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I believe my job experiences can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
That is why appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of the people regarding a high number of properties .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
We spent a huge period of time together .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and thick like an elephant .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
Then he saw the commander was lying dead in his chair .
Dear Sir X ,
I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
In the headlights , they all looked so beautiful !
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help other .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important source to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
Not only in their individual parts , but also in the scenes they did together .
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
It 's inside that count .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their source of food and water could be a serious problem .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper materials ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
What would I do for my county .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming bath ?
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
It had been a very long day and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experiences .
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English language .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic block .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear Sir Cunningham ,
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
Kitchen will be different too .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and study .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
This fact took me by surprise .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
Science practical improve our life .
Have you read any sport magazine before ?
In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
Soccer could be one of the boring sport to other people .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
Awaiting your news .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
Both characteristics will help you in other type of tasks and will improve your future development .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feeling that I have ever felt in my life .
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
I will mention some of the reasons why and when shopping can be unenjoyable .
On the one hand , overspending money .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
Government can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
subject : the transports of my local area
as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
Everybody can practise football .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
Driving is the reason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
There was gap of ambition in him
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
Dinner contains two meals .
Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
Nearly every education will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any circumstances .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
Dears Kate Ashby ,
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
Time travelling !
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and thirst in Africa .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
I did with my dog .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time boundaries .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
Students can learn some things from the course of the research .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIST
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
There are also many historical building in my country .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
They are quite big and a lot of important artist come .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Welcome tourist :
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possible improvement .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
It 's great that your college mates want to visit South Bohemia .
They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
Cáceres is visited for many tourist every year .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
I know to speak three language .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
I am very keen on PC games too .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
The time of the gadget fashion .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale face .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
The first step is to design the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Some of these oave the same destinations .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their life .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months training made him fully ready for this race .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Will people 's life change again ?
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like court or government .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the trip time .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
To illustrate , my niece did not get a great score in his test .
My niece had courage after his mother talked to him .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
It is a special case to bring people together .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Dear to whom it may concern ,
I was in charge of the tickets sale .
I could see the show from my place but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
It usually starts with small talks or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationships .
A true friendship itself forms on a base of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Secondly I think that the members of the team give you support , love and company .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
This fact , along with the spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always space for further discussion .
In smaller towns without underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
Safity issue is very important also .
You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family small flat .
All her clothes are from kids section and yet they 're usually too loose .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing stare .
This flick stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their role very convincingly .
However , when she had arrived there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had been stronger than her fears .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email .
I picked up and heard nice woman voice .
During my study , my parents and I noticed that I understand kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my master study in Europe or America .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate study and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering master program .
Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
I hope that I get the chance to complete my study at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
The most common reasons to study a language are the job and travelling .
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other language before we can communicate well in English .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject matter .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
Four and five stars hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available to families .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
In Zermatt you can see the mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise , it is a very good combination .
On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the thing I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid the hot dogs .
That is why I wish to work in the areas of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic grounds and interpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good material for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media art works , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
It was built by two different elements .
Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
Seeing a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
Classical art was more easy for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern arts are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
During the concert I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
So if you are ever even considering the fact of taking a gap - year , do n't doubt , just do it .
We encourage people who come up with any innovative thoughts about how we could further protect the environment .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interferes with their personal being .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate life .
There are some borders that should n't be crossed .
We should respect other 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
Nature is one of the most important theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelist and poets .
The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feeling of awe , danger or weakness .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John Ambulance .
A justification for this may be the fact that over the years people change and grow apart .
On the top floor there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several options of the latest movies .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycle bins in their homes .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
There is only one auditorium so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
Date : 27 Sep 2014
However , the quantity of fish and chips plates eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
I wo n't be much problem for anyone .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car and went inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Trains are a great way of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XV century .
On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more bigger .
We have seen a great drop in the number of solid waste .
Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
It depends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably according to individual needs .
If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in grocery store .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
She always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
Instead the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the idea of freedom , fraternity and equality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poetry of the period .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genders or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
Abortion can be given as an option in life threatening.pregnancies .
Development of emotional and psychological problem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
Impregnation as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and in these cases abortion should be a choice .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situation where abortion is given as an option .
Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist child .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to success in a future work , but I do n't agree with this statement .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play table games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
Together we make this world a better planet .
For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Only a decade year ago , robotics was just limited to scientific research .
2012 ) described an experiment from Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situation .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also realize weakness of students specifically .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out of this shortage .
It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
However , disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interests .
Much shorter than their fellow colleagues , they have always been able to compensate for their physical lacks with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head .
You are alone on the tennis court to face your contender .
Though you might be fighting for long and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
I 've had lots of things on my head recently , especially after my mom died .
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same amount of times .
If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
Proposal for the development of a sports activity .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
With this in mind money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young can toads from moving through the water way , the fence is useless .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
But it is also because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new ones .
Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
From a very young age children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolations , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites useful to improve their language skills .
Finally , authentic material in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
It is crucial to provide students with printed material in the target language .
On the other hand , I have been in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me very long until I finally put my finger on it .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favourite actress .
My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environment .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
And it will be good preparation for your study at college .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress , she has amazing friend and they have a band together .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Despite its end and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of missions statements around the world .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family daily life .
I pride myself in creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thought and writing skills .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts , through a combination of individual conferences , class activities , and group discussion .
The action takes place in Japan , in times of samurais and witches .
And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's live .
This powerful vehicle is counted vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many aspects .
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
The companionship of our loved people is always the best solution to release our pressure .
There are some reasons why people leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't want to get in them .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queue usually are very long .
Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meter located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
Having goals in life will make ones ' life meaningful and purposeful .
Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
Apart from that , we also need to design security issues .
Louis got caught and told the cops that Lucas was the one that had broke it .
Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to so he gets addicted again .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
I was amazed with the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees 's whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeares ' more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
In the historical river , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
On the contrary , the fact was inconsistent with what he expected .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether went home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two craps leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Also , it was the governors ' terminal purpose .
It does not boost their confidence in future perspectives .
It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
Our state will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
It literally looked like a piece of abstract art painting .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraint and timing .
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one side of the magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Last week , we went to The Mountain Fuji .
The worst player is those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best one is them who put their full trust in their teammates .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal education and practice .
Fame is a side effect of job in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
what is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
Let 's step into famous people shoes .
Although an understanding of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
It took years for people to recognize that their sense of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
The restaurants ' slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
This being said , you can imagine the atmosphere being comfortably airy .
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a way of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three ways of self - presentations in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
Continuous updating , as a way of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
I think Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to his boss office .
When the weather is good , especially during spring , market street are really popular .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brasil .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything works well : the sound , the lightning and the instruments .
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kind of boats .
Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
In my opinion nowadays driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
Also it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travelling .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sport events , but they do n't go in for sports .
There are a lot of kinds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
Speaking about sport I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
If I have free time I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our life .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that join together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kind of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during vacations .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacations week .
We three counldn't sing together nor make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
Indeed , what I did in vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organizations ?
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their face .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient airway is opened .
While conducting a need analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation in learning English .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proved to be necessary in a class with varied levels of students .
Finally , preparing supplementary for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experience , pass internships and study abroad .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including arts , music , literature etc .
If your destiny is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
As a country with one of the longest coastline in the world , I definitely would recommend you to know the beautiful beaches we have .
But the most memorable was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining interection .
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning progress and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
Given the experiences gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the command of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
Companies as Monsanto that engineers plants with steeril seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
The by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in France " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
In 1995 the French came to notice that their languish was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same languish and who are at the same level of their vocabulary .
If the French and British spoke the same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 per cent .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . »
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact to put aside in order to build our flat step by step .
The admission 's tickets to the most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
I decided to go to my parents and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst for illegality .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
This is true in many aspects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people with texting and social networks .
This leads , among other things , to the ability for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
The young generations in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
Flattering is different , it is easier to recognize .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and others that need more like Karate , Judo , and so .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless their strengths , ages and so on .
I suggest that everyone should try martial sports .
But before starting , you supposed to evaluate your needs and your health condition .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
In heinz sight giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of the European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent building , and where you can enjoy the last technologies and have fun .
I suggest visitin the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the county inside the city .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
The learning of our mother tongue language is a long term process that everyone has to be involved in .
However , who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and worldwide society .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international work team .
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contacts with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
I know that the country is really lovely there .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
It was a winter night .
When we arrived at the police office , I met an officer called Michael .
A police officers car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank notes printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
Also , special ink is printed on both side of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
Sheets in the second groups then get seperated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
This leads us to a conclusion that the process of bank notes creation is secure as well as simple .
Given my related experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
They moved in the crowd that made several phone calls and talked about their busy life .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interiors of the building .
One of the bosses in charge of such thing .
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other but they always forgive and forget !
On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children education as they are a child 's first contact .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see they will copy their parents actions .
On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children education .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to the ones of the parents would be a great help in the children raising process .
I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer brake during that period .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money making or good fighting evil .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
There are many problems created by doing large - building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
There are some unfavorable influence on people 's lives .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a musk while having outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
They have to immigrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would die because of lack of water , high temperature or predators .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to human and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems
I would like to answer some questions from the guideline on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
The trend of personal car is increasing rapidly .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
Children quite often feel guilty of can not avoid these troubles or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously do not .
I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of the above reasons .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino 's films and it 's very different from previous ones .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
These variables include internal and external cultural expects .
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , groups- , and organizational performances .
The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employee 's experience .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a treat for others , they should be stopped immediately .
Old clothes , books and toys in good conditions can be passed on to charity shops .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck into the whole society with many negative elements , drawing the attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomenon .
Generally , the increase of temperature has resulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of cold days .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
The fact is natural disasters have changed people and animal 's living environment bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem budget .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to our society .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life rather than impose its power on us .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palm in a manner I could have no control over .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness - and can easily help organise children sport activities .
This is clearly seen when driving in the route and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the way .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like cordination , flexibility , and physical condition , just to mention a few .
This might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are seen as the wiser people .
Especially when they have to live under a great lot of rules .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medications such as analgesics and paracetamol .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important way of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you followed these advices :
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
However air pollution affects not only people health but also the whole environmental system .
CO2 can destroy the ozone .
It has a pair of good tunes and they use them .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent education material for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
People 's life will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one 's independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving engines of the Western economy .
However , others claim that it is vital for societies and next generations .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
This reduction in the application of chemical materials can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
In views of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortage .
Students Use of Leisure Time
For example , only 10% percent of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationship with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
In the former , people have ability almost equally , and value interpersonal relationship .
On the one hand you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gets better and better .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
Also it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different ways of political leadership .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those avoidable extra cost .
Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
Hence , contrary to many people perceive , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concern .
However , it is one of the most motivating challenge in our lives .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing question due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
It 's about 6 euro .
Jake is a free lance .
A few months ago month he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels ' suburb .
Towns are congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
Stress - it makes your life easier since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
Communications - it eases movements from place to place
Therefore , it all comes down in this writing to expressing feelings about Seville and its surrounding .
To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
This TV serial is mainly based on working class people and represents various ethnic minority communities including African and Asian Muslims .
Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama serial to other people .
It is important to gain awareness about different societies due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
I am writing to complain about the suggested bar on smoking in public areas .
In the first place , few people did know about this law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
If this happened in café Noir , probably I could lose my job .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishments could be an excellent idea .
I have experience in children Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate study , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
Beyond my academic disciplines , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
I attended trainings and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
When I finished the high school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
Often after school I babysit my parents friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Another rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
A mother is very fundamental and the basis for the men principles and beliefs .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could amend his fault .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
One of the latest film I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
I personally think that the film transmit an interesting view of the psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problems .
They enjoy both local bands ' production and some foreign songs .
Outline of the club activity
Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
The lightning in shops is obnoxious .
I 'm not able to find any nice gears .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skate I liked .
I learned how to jump over many items , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide walk path by the sea .
They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feeling , and it was indescribable .
Unlike weather in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it has been one of the biggest and busiest port in the world .
Graffiti on the wall and small lane ways create a punky ambient .
I ca n't suffer even a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
He is the most important to me .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation consumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
It consists of eight part : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for doing a play and A few final thoughts .
For example , if people know that by using bus and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike follows the security instructions .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of bicycle paths .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of events .
And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous view of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to profit from the electronic revolution , are you ?
The text was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
So now the most important factor is that mobile nets are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of projects , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
A bus or an underground wagon can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
1 ) What are your education degrees ( ex .
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive manner , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster way of transport .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable alleviation solutions .
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routine is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and global environment .
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the discharge of adrenalin .
Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the floor .
As you can imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if you want to take it up .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body languages as much as film actors .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes that acting pieces perfect .
I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points over 100 at both KET and PET certification .
While we might talk about our job a bit too much I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of clientel .
These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if these people perhaps are not our parents .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speechs of the leaders .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research applying the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they were suffering , and to fight to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest resolutions .
Dear college
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
as I see it , it is my job to clarify and help my pupils to understand .
It gives me the feeling that most important of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
Yes , she should accept this proposition .
He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
Was it the best part life could offer ?
These small thing gives me a lot .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years for both personal and professional reasons .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationships skills .
Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I saw the announcement of your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have more details .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model Iman also began after this pioneering shooting .
However , there are some defficiencies that could be fixed .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measure we know .
I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prizes .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city council .
I leave you her mobile phone in case you need it : 681234567 .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two halls and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us , the service is really rapid and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
We must keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at home , and , at the same time , keep holding our social life and entertainment activities .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure and routes .
In the 19th century for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
They prefer classes with lecture and almost no discussion .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student had an advantage for the student because they learn how to interact with their fellow student .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
On one day we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole was from Nigeria .
All in all though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction with other student will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
Being ranked in the Michelin 's guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do anything to avoid it .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more raining during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
We human beings are highly socialized creature in the world .
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental living skills , on which their progeny count .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people of different living styles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in touch with the nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
I remember the laugh of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
At lunch many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the desert .
His first stop was the car garage where he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
There is probably an array of motives to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the ground for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to get youngsters fitter , lies in the modernity .
Good thriller movies have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless that it may compromise their kid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and cause harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective manners of becoming talented in something can be adopted , before the popular believes take our motivation and self - belief away .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handcrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
I have a great character .
I am quite good at organising sport events and games .
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I was looking for a change as well as more personal burgeon .
There is a place , in my country , which played a very important role during World Ward II .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
Their story was written and folks finally could discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
But a disadvantage it that cars maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
Finally , and on a more positive tone , we 're walking towards a global world .
Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique style .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
He also learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking his fellows .
Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon the formal qualification in future .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
Secendly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
The government should find a balance point between economic development and agricultural development .
I think that it would have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people 's great and then vigorously develop the economy .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise material , looked and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
I have done an internship at a reception in one of the best VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
I hope you will consider my request , this would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
She has a really skinny body , and her hand are long and covered in brown spots .
It feels just like a horror move .
And then , Allisons body is found .
After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
It had been a hot , summer day .
