In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
But Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
It takes around 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , i enjoy cooking .
when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
In my country , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport:"You must believe in yorself " .
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
I like NewZealand because there are many islands .
By the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
However , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
Dear Sir or madam :
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
today I want to write about my job .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Recently , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
our relation is not good because she is so different to me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
how are you ? I hope you are well .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
The creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
Recently I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
my favourite sport is Karate .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
my teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
The vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
good morning .
come here .
Get in to the room .
bring glass of water .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
Dear Camp director ,
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
In a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
Yours Sincerely .
I'm 25 years old and I 'm come from Malaysia . I'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
That is everything I want to have and i 'm lucky .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
i think that it all depands from the development .
now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
but if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Yes , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was fantastic experience .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
People usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
Eventhough it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
Is there a future for Privately owned cars ?
when I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
that is priceless .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
On september 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
We went to long island because there he lives .
I take too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me
Although The federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Hockey as a life style
You think that your life style will improve ?
hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
there are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
Dear Usa Summer Camps ,
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
but all these factors are not important for me .
She was with her mum ..
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll!Could you bye it for me ? '' she said .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll!!They looked so adorable together!They were like twins !
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
The girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence,''Why did you leave me that way ? ''
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
to who may concern ,
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
From this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Due to this , we're both called to meet the headmaster .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
Every body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
The Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life."What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Back home , everything started fast -I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
The World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
Love : That 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
A part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
It might seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the Railways .
People are not taking to the Rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
There are many problems facing the Monarchy .
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
Though it has probably been around for awhile , it 's presence hasn't really been known untill fairly recently , and it 's consequences have been devistating .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
At the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example videogames , made for this other form of entertainment .
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Many children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
