In India , we have various types of public transport , like , bikes , cars , trains & planes .
But generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to be a super hero !
In my city , Taipei , we are always stuck in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am I really sufficiently angry to do this ?
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Usually , I play football with my classmates .
Before training , I run 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get power and my body gets energy .
His main words : " You must work and work very hard if you want to get good results " .
I want to give advice to anyone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yourself " .
In my opinion , family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands .
By the way , New Zealand has cool weather .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
However , if I carry on studying like now , I will do it .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
Today I want to write about my job .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
Also , it 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , Jo .
Recently , many south east Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
I have a dog and its name 's Chente . It is a golden retriever .
It 's a lovely dog . He knows how I feel .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Our relationship is not good because she is so different to me .
Also , I have a brother whose name is Jose Luis . He is twenty years old , his personality is dynamic and funny .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
How are you ? I hope you are well .
We think that in the future the planet will be in a bad condition and the trees will disappear . After that , we will have wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy . Also , we will be eating fast food . On the other hand , the North Pole will have melted completely .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
The creator of heaven and the earth , the creator of souls , the one who makes earth rotate around itself and around the sun .
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
Recently I saw the thriller of Mokingjay part 2 .
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
My favourite sport is Karate .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
My teacher shows us how we should behave with others and he teaches us a lot of things about Japanese culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
Last year , my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition . He liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot .
Finally , let me know if I need to take any placement test before starting .
They were planning to steal a very precious thing from a museum tonight .
The police reached the museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
For example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
Good morning .
Come here .
Go into the room .
Bring a glass of water .
Stop shouting . Do n't shout .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
His stance , style , shots , running between the wickets , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
When you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here ,
Dear camp director ,
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
In a nutshell , based on the reasons and examples above , the disadvantages of extracting valuable minerals outweigh the advantages .
Yours sincerely .
I'm 25 years old and I come from Malaysia . I 'm an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and considerate person .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
I had my first snowboard lesson and I loved it .
That is everything I want to have and I 'm lucky .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
She fell sleep again , did n't she ?
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
I think that it all depends on the development .
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
But if we are talking about travelling across your city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - year- old male from the Kingdom of Bahrain .
My village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and suitable for life .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Yes , I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedies .
Her skin is colored red and green ; red dots on top of the green to be more precise .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
People were so envious ... I liked it ! It was a fantastic experience .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
People usually divide the quality into three parts : good quality , partially damaged , and bad sheets .
Even though it seems to be easy to make them , every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
Is there a future for privately owned cars ?
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
That is priceless .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
We went to Long Island because he lives there .
I took so many photos because you do n't visit places like that every day .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
They annoy me .
Although the federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
This causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Hockey as a lifestyle
You think that your lifestyle will improve ?
Hockey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
There are a few reasons which show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
We had mouth - watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
I had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
The number of channels is gradually decreasing
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
But all these factors are not important to me .
She was with her mum . .
Just like her ... ''Mum I love this doll ! Could you buy it for me ? '' she said .
Oh!The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ''
When I was little , I tried a lot of sports ; handball , swimming , tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I could never imagine : football .
To whom it may concern ,
You can find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travel , the weather and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
Readers are able to express their opinion freely .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official language . There were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
Personally , for me , I like books very much . When I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Due to this , we 're both called to meet the headmaster .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
Everybody cares about cleanliness in front of the house and in the garden .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
He has yellow skin and big eyes . He is blond and has got spiky hair .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and chips , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
From my experience working at an international company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
The carbon dioxide emissions are very small .
Academically , I 've always been a very determined and studious individual and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hard work necessary in order to achieve a bachelor 's degree .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
I am interested in working in educational institutions or in Social Care .
I have recently graduated in Psychology from the Social Science University and received high grades in both my Teaching and Supervising courses .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
When the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal 's life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Back home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
The World Heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I ca n't stop thinking about : what is on my Bucket List ?
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise .
Love : that 's a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
Apart from sports , you should note two different culture points .
I am sure that you will like it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : please , keep the secret .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
When 1992 was set as the date for the Single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i.e. the railways .
People are not taking to the rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privatisation of different areas .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus timetable which coincided with the train arrival times .
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major congestion in rush hour periods .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world . Yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
My personal objection to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
Since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to a more deserving ' charity ' .
Some had been executed . I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- he had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am self - sufficient - I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
There are many problems facing the monarchy .
The divisions in their family and the fight between the Prince and the Princess of Wales and the possibility of divorce .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
There are also arguments against abolishing the monarchy .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with in vitro fertilisation .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... There should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed into the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the foetus is formed , and the baby is then inserted back into the mother .
In vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel a part of her . This would not happen if the couple adopted .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman ? This would be the unpopular sex .
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beefburgers .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Although British farmers have learned to diversify , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Whatever you believe , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thank you .
Already the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15% and in Britain they have dropped about 6% - 7% .
customers are still reluctant to eat the meat in case it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
I agree that in the past women have had problems with society 's idea of what they are expected to do in the workplace and at home .
These people have shown the modern world what women in the workplace can do .
Feminists have talked about promotions in the workplace as not being fair .
Though it has probably been around for a while , it s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently , and it s consequences have been devastating .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bomb shelters to an ever - circulating Chief Executive command post from the air .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
The leaders and presidents of enterprises such as Panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily basis .
The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The atomic bomb .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening . This allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event , and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - it can be done immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
At the dawn of time , cavemen cooked animal flesh over open fires .
As history progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
Again , time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For , as I have said before , there is no fire !
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has had a tremendous impact .
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example video games , made for this other form of entertainment .
One can see these ideas in popular media every day .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for Americans moves at a much faster pace .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
