I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
i believe it is suitable for our class
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I like workout on push up bars .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
Dear sir / madam
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
a plane may take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adopted from south Korea .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
Dear pen friend ,
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
we went to New York for four days .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's why I admire him .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
The lion king is my favourite film .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
that 's first fact .
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
kisses
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
continue the study
Any one in the world has future Goal .
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
I found your web site and this my first try .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .
your Sincerely
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
the roads are chock a block.everybody has a private car .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
Talking about the world cup a little .
For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
I was very happy and of course i agreed .
On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .
Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
i like it very much .
i used to play it with my frindes .
when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
this book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
She is tall , Slim and straight .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
the waiter come to us and took the order .
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
We need a vehicle to reach our work place .
This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
It was a part of the borough castellan .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
My favorite way is Train .
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
Also , I have very Friends .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .
that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I hope you get interested In my application .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
The Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
people are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
they are looking for new experiences .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
what do you think about that ?
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
cell phone
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
do you have best friend in your life ?
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How are you ! !
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
my father
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
what kind of films do you like ?
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .
we won , t have schools .
we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
There wo n't be super markets .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
we will live happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
your friend Amy
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
the most important thing is your willpower .
Of course the answer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is our home."It is bigger than a house .
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
oh no ! !
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
. you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
good bye
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
my favourite sport is squash .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He does not Need another one , but he likes the colour .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
The Anger will spoil over someday .
This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the key inside the home !
what should he do ?
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
yours truly
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
looking at the information in more detail .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .
I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
my favorite sport is swimming
i swim 2 times per a week
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we visited many cities .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
sometimes you lie on a window .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Public transport is very much complicated now a days .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
hey , I 'm Hoa .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
Every Human has points of strength and weakness .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
my favourite sport is football .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
Hi freddy ,
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .
football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
secondly , football generates money .
although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
come visit the land of peace and civilization .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
Our school is organizing a fun fair .
you will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
this city is located in the north of Extremadura .
The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
We are going on a vacation Next week .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
it 's so difficult .
Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
May be , in small part
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
The members of my family is no where near my best friends .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
we sit around together and talk about where they live .
it was a wonderful experience with me
how are you?I have just received your letter .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
see you soon ,
Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .
The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
but I could survive the night .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
thanks in advise .
Istanbul Locate in turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .
i do n't have a favorite book .
my favorite song is prayer in C
my favorite singer is AVICII
Simpsons or family guy .
my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .
my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .
when i learned to wind'surf .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
Dear grandmother ,
And i went to open the door .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
But , whatever , i wen .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
my favourite sport is badminton .
it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
Because i think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
both opinion have their merits .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
hello , good morning
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
your muscule will be hard .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
The town is called white city .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
My name is samy .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
from the best to the worst .
And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .
There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
I rememmber , because then We won .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
But You must n't
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
the material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
this is good , because sales mever went down .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
pain and gain
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Sport is very important for every one .
when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
my parents always support me to play what like and
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
they cache them .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
I do n't know what i can tell .
He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
when you can , you call me .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
best wishes
toni
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
write soon ,
my favorite sport is basketball .
it is amazing sport .
when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .
Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .
my father is a business man .
he is 65 years old .
he works in real state investment .
my mother is a teacher .
she is 50 years old .
she is working in primary school .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
the younger brother is 25 years old .
he is a dentist .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .
he is my best friend and brother .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
they spent their life helping us to be good men .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
for example a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
Hello to every body ! !
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
dear .
lou
This is danbi from ueecx13
This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
hello ,
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
victoria
the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
the cost is accessible .
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
I miss you so much . how are your baby ?
I could go to madrid .
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
the movie which I have chosen to write about is microphone .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .
when the children went out it became sad .
my firs job was baby sitter .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
Public transport are busy now a days .
Badminton is .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
World cup unites the world .
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
It 's december .
Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .
he went through the park where children playing around .
he saw some street performer by the street .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
But I never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
How are you ? I hope you 're ok .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
I run everyday .
In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .
( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .
i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .
Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I took a first aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .
1.A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
2.He should be disciplined .
3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
Have you ever used Chopsticks ?
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
we Have Meal Manners .
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .
For example : Lots of Bicycles .
After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
we wo n't use oil as a fuel .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
that was the reason I do not finish the book
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
You do n't need to care about time tables .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch this Saturday .
I am wondering if i will be scared after the movie .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
So , We can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
they prefer to be comfortable .
in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
noman engaged the front seat .
Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .
A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came in to my life .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
so let 's play basketball .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at camden college .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
my family is a nuclear family .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
She works at a language school in local University .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
He needed to arrive at the Train Station on time .
Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .
Always infront on your public .
An Important deal , is never quit .
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
second .
my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best Wishes
Hi mum and dad
In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
We learn about social values , World news etc .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
Dear sir / Madam ,
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I do not have very good english writing skill .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
so it makes me exciting .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .
i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .
the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
public transport is important for anyone .
the young people feel happy more .
but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
Yeah , fist time is ok .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
she wasted it she can not get it back .
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
The baby name was nemo .
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
the factor that we talk about is sport .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
all the states in the world have an own league .
the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
hello
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
thank you
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
that 's why there is no future for public transport
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
Now these trees are grownup .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
He is orderly and Clean man .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
hello Pierre ,
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Deer headteacher ,
As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips
spyro in Kalithea .
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
And You ?
San Sebastian is a Town near the sea .
If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
I like toulouse very much .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
it was strange for Michael .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
but it 's only my personal opinion .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
Also , It has a spacious kitchen .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food everyday .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
thank you very much
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and everyday Alison has to make him remember their life .
if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
I think that i have the enough experience for the job .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
He imagined he could fly like adragon .
As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
tob e more precise , I am in the graduating class .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
we have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
trips are longer on public transport or by car .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
building our house we make the most important place for us .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
Everything 's ok .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
your friend
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
I am a University student .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
one of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
Badminton for every Age
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
- Ok .
- Sure . thank you for your advice .
- just follow the day regiment .
- ok …
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this life style much more than a couple of months .
In order to do n't waste energy .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will always be a polish queen .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
You can visit museums , roman monuments and also the cathedral .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
what I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
In my town we protect the Environment Around us :
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
learning can also take place outside the University campus .
While on holidays from the University .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
I told my friends and family members the importance of University Education to our community .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on the time off from the University .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
The traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
I Am from the first type of people .
Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
It was around 9 PM when Reilly was there .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
Is everything ok with your family ?
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Some people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
For these places , the best season is the Summer .
One other place to visit in Summer is the pantanal .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
dear sir ,
my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
marcos rodriguez
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
title : The kimono .
Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
and He held me strongely .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
yours sincerely ,
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
What Places you can visit
where you can have an amazing night
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
Indeed I consider mr .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
So I think Public transport should remain .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
In the end , We heard Michael 's scream .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
Honestly , I do not like Nature Programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
I think You are understanding my situation .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing inorder to help our environment .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
i looked back and i noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and i went into it .
I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
The most people in Sweden are christians .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
Cars Symbolize wealth .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
( how much ?
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
they feel as if they are humans .
We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
We only needed a water tank and the Sun .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
dear Sir ,
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
I talked about it with mum . "
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
I played wrestling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
courage can change lives
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , point less .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
I 'm sending this Email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
Hi brother ,
I hope to see you soon brother .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
we will become robots , no longer people !
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
She refers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
you can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
Looking for a job in Viet Nam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
the desserts are delicious and original .
The Waiters are really helpful .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to an other people use different means .
there are variety of transport mean .
Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
to who may concern
Dear sir / madam ,
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
Today , Not many amphitheaters are standing .
The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
many people consider it indispensable .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
How are you?I hope everything is alright .
AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a free catholic .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
It gives you the possibility of working as an Au Pair .
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
I read your advertisement on your Internet Website .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then The raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead(Out ) .
Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
Hi chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
The idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
good
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
looking forward to hear from you .
That 's why I prefer Travelling by car instead of public transport .
I play Skat .
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
Yours Sincerely
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
it 's a pity
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
Hi jennie ,
However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
It is high time to intervene and take action .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
to : miss analia
from : candela bergamaschi
date : 24th june
as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
my findings are presented below .
buses :
buses are the mai transport in my area .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
cars :
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
another option :
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
And for me , that 's totally non sense .
It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
The most used public transport is the Bus .
However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
Well , may be it 's for the best - less pressure .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
Ihope you consider me for this job .
Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
The online visiting is a good point in this case .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
I hope , It will never happen .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
During my tenure at the University of economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the North and in the South of the country .
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in Sport .
The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in2112 ' .
When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
my view is that nowadays English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
In Zermatt you can see the mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
But I do also like a movie called The game plan .
For example Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
Pretty little liars is a little bit scary but I like it .
Modern family is my favourite series .
I do also like a song called classic with an artist called MKTO .
One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Dear MR . Smith
The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their storylines .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
So I switched off the projector , took out my white board pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted back to traditional methods of teaching .
at the entrance of the temple were two statues the first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
And because history has a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
How are you doing ? I 've heard in the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your last pc program .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a socie ty were respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
Proposal to improve School 's facilities for language learners .
Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites useful to improve their language skills .
Also , Films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
there are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and secondly because developers make a lot of money .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . not to mention wedding party expenses .
Today i want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
We use cash everyday and it is of great importance to our daily life .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra- curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their life styles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
What I did not in Vacations
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient airway is opened .
But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
I 'm completely sure that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our life styles will have changed a lot .
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
the First advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
They enjoyed being the"boss " and giving telling other students what to do .
This made every thing seem less cluttered and more manageable .
If grammar was part of the lesson It would need to be a point that is being revised .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
Hi!How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everything from blue berries .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
Ok , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
While background color and art work are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not over look either .
He must have applied some lip stick for it to be that red !
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
She felt somehow nervous " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling about this " but it was too late .
Gone are the days when tom mindlessly chased jerry .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
If you require any further information , I am available for an on line interview .
chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and get to know new aspects of life .
Although there are many people and animals are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
And the other questions : Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting in to the central business district .
I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of the above reasons .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different time frames will be challenging .
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
The countries will have Crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
Yours Faithfully ,
My name is Alexandra kennedy .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
The sport that I like the most is Dancing .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
The things some of them wanted , unbelievable!Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
The"New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love the Opera .
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a world wide spoken language be ?
On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
Are you ok ?
Jake is a free lance .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
Dear sir / madam ,
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
As the secretary of the English Language club i am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
We also believe the college benefits from our Club .
We hope you will be ablte to take all thisinto account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
Lastly there are sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
With the development of mass media , television and Internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
during the concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
I went into the tiny shop and the shop keeper looked through me .
The shop keeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
I walked forwards and stared at the shop keeper .
This was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve water scarcity problem .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitateto answer .
I saw this advertisement on a web site and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally got out of his room and said " Please mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
At this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire Court .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the Jury with the maximum score of 10 .
Since my Law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
On the same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
The Labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
BUt it was okay .
its own end ? .
Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
Since then I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
I rather call that a life style .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
It uses only fresh ingredients from naples that come there every day .
only then can you really start to speak .
i find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion of professor and student .Others may disagree .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
I hope you 're ok , by the way .
No change , no Nature .
To stop the change is impossible That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
But at the same time we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , timeframes and charges as well .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
Cultural literacy is Knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
Any one who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowledge .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has ability to deal with problems in fairway .
Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famous Pani Pat . "
The Girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
Thank you for your advice , kisses !
