I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
I believe it is suitable for our class
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
I like to work out on push up bars .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
We saw " If I stay " and I loved it .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
Dear Sir / Madam
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
A plane may take about 16 hours .
A car may take days or months for the same distance .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
I was adopted from South Korea .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etc .
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
Dear penfriend ,
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
Garbage everywhere .
The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
Yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
We went to New York for four days .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's why I admire him .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
He had to study in a different country and they had not seen each other for months .
The Lion King is my favourite film .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
So I do not have the opportunity to practise English , because most of my colleagues speak French .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man City , Man United , Real Madrid and Barcelona .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
That 's the first fact ,
after that last point We can not go everywhere we would like using a car .
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
That fact behind sense because the maintenance of public transport is not the responsibility of the traveler .
If we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . But public transport is a much needed service in big cities as well as small villages .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 pm .
In an English - speaking country , every day you learn to live .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
Your qualifications are not satisfactory . You must be UK Or USA educated .
The movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " The Purge "
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's OK , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
We visited a lot of monuments , museums and churches , like the Louvre with the Mona Lisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
Kisses
They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
If it is a bad sheet , the procedure is disposal -- bad sheets and bank notes should be securely destroyed .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum . " Max where are you ? " she screamed . The lion disappeared in one second , running .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
Continue studying
Everyone in the world has a goal .
This prevents me from achieving my goal .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
I found your website and this is my first try .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
On the one hand , this sport is good for my health . I keep fit .
These days , transportation has become so crowded . We have a lot of cars in the streets .
There are a lot of accidents because many people drive so fast .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
Also , you are a great athlete , so you could teach surfing , football or other sports .
On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 March 2017 .
yours sincerely
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
The roads are chock a block . Everybody has a private car .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
Sorry for taking so long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy this period is for a salesman .
Talking about the World Cup a little .
For example , in your childhood you are much happier than your parents because their job is not very easy .
For instance , they prefer pop or rock music .
A lot of young men love wearing jeans and a T - shirt .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
I played my first match at 16 years old and I felt very special because I was 16 and I was capable of scoring 3 goals .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I was very happy and , of course , I agreed .
On the one hand , I think it is important to look good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choice to feel happy and comfortable .
But if somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just feels good in those clothes .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
I like it very much .
I usually play it with my friends .
when I joined the Egyptian armed forces , I played for the air defense forces team .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , vacation / leisure and misc decreased over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and started reading in a loud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
On my last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my classmate Sebastian for 2 weeks .
One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
This book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
First of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I score a nice goal , I am proud because it feels good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the Champions League .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen all 17 seasons . I also like to watch YouTube videos every day .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
You can go by car at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
She is tall , slim and straight .
In addition to that , she has a pretty face , dark skin , dark eyes and long brown hair .
Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
The waiter came and took the order .
My family ordered dinner , but l specially ordered pizza and Coke because l love pizza .
We ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
Nobody can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
We need a vehicle to reach our workplace .
This tower is a precious monument of Roman art and it is one of the oldest buildings in Lublin .
It was a part of the borough of Castellan .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car may be convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
My favorite way of travelling is by train .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an Apple store .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
Dear Anne , Thank for your letter asking about my family and my friends .
Also , I have a lot of friends .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in information systems .
That 's why I agree that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I hope you are interested in my application .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
It made me feel like happiness was running throughout my body .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
The capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Which capacity and model will we work on ?
Nowadays people use cars a lot .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
People are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
They look for new experiences .
On the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying saucers .
Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
Hence , the above indicated details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative direction .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
To summarize , people 's lives see fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affects people .
What do you think about that ?
Although traveling by car is really interesting , using public transport still has its advantages . By using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for a long distance , you will get tired . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
cellphone
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
After that I played with my brothers out in the garden .
It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
Do you have a best friend in your life ?
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by the proper standard procedure .
Today , there are many children that have a dependence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various children 's TV programs , while once our parents preferred hanging out with their friends .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
Hello ! ! How are you ! ?
Every time a car is used and more economic .
In my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
but when she ca n't go , I go alone .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
Firstly , the fare for public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
But on the other hand , you may be punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
My father
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
My hobbies are going out and travelling around the world .
I also do homework but it 's not something I do because I like it .
My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our Stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
They were spending the weekend in the countryside . He had rented a cabin but he had n't checked the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived leaving them without communication by phone or by car .
The problem for Emily was that her boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
They should immerse themselves in daily exercise as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active . for instance , it 's advised to eat large amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
Sports are very beneficial for our health .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
What kind of films do you like ?
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Tom opened the big bag . Oh ! This is a big surprise . There was a football in it which he had always wanted to buy .
There were some words : goal ! keep going ! Keep looking ! said his mom . Look !
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
Tom loved it . " Thanks mom , thanks dad ! " Today is the best day of my life . Thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! You worked hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna . I am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
My friend went there . She talked to me about it so much .
Indian people make amazing food , but it 's so spicy . Indian people dance in an amazing way .
You have been my best friend since 1984 , when I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years . We moved here to go to the beach every day . I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer when the sun is in the sky .
I think in 50 years many things will change . We will learn in our homes .
We wo n't have schools .
We will do homework at home and send it to the teachers .
They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
There wo n't be supermarkets .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
We will live happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in England , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the last two months travelling in the UK . What do you think of my plan ? I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to getting along with children .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me . it will be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
Your friend Amy
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch . I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself . The first day was so painful . I was tired to die when I only ran nearly 3 km , but things became better and better , and now I can run 10 km .
The most important thing is your willpower .
Of course the answer is no ! Everyone knows that " Earth is our home . " It is bigger than a house .
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
Nowadays , public transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of the city .
I like Ricki Rikonen so much . He is a Ferrari team driver .
I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
Oh no ! !
Like everyone , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
Firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in Seoul .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
. You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
Goodbye
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
In conclusion , members of your family play an important role in your life !
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
First of all , in 1995 , Shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
The two green areas in the north - west and south - east corners had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
My favourite sport is squash .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Squash can also be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players . squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
For me , as a passionate soccer player , it is a good point to consider .
I recommend to the clubs , be warned .
For him , as one of the top sheld paid players of the European league , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He does not need another one , but he likes the colour .
This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
What influences do these salaries have on the clubs is quite simple .
They sell the strips for 20 Euros more per piece than last season .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their teams at any home game .
The anger will boil over someday .
This makes football or soccer ever more exclusive to a certain group of fans - hooligans .
As a result of these actions , it is an uncertain way to go for the clubs .
If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He had left the key inside his house !
What should he do ?
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
Hello , my name is Victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , after school .
So , at a special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
Yours faithfully
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
So I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process . We can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
Looking at the information in more detail .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best friends , because maybe we do not have the same trust that we have in our friends .
I think it depends on the situation . On the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best friends . You can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
College is the only place where I feel I am special . That is why I always like to be there .
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " . Each leaflet explains how to separate the household rubbish .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I swim twice per week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
So what about next month , 12th of December ? I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party because I do not like those kinds of parties , but I wish you good luck ! Almos
On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
The way of living changes every day : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' lives , we notice many differences .
However , how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story " The War of the Worlds " , so it was inevitable . People began to see space creatures everywhere .
When Alison knocked on her parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man opened the front door .
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on a school trip .
We visited many cities .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked The Valley of the Temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing !
Public transport nowadays has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
Traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is much more convenient because it takes much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . After all , it is just one step after the other .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
I think if the government do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
It is true a car is more comfortable , but it uses a lot of mineral resources like petrol which can pollute the atmosphere .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
Public transport is very complicated nowadays .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
Hey , I 'm Hoa .
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2 months but we can talk more about this later .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travels but I think we do not feel relaxed there and if we talk about travelling by car .
Every human has points of strength and weakness .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
She always tells me some jokes , but sometimes I laugh !
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
I pray every day to save my mother and all my family .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
We can search for it by browsing or we can also access YouTube to help us .
My favourite sport is football .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but always go to the stadium with my dad . You feel indescribable emotions . And my father was to convey this passion .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
Hi Freddy ,
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
Second , new rules were legislated condemning any person intending to harm the environment in any way .
Football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
Secondly , football generates money .
Although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player . This may be because I am not talented .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
We will talk about how people 's lives will change in the future .
I think the principal things in our talk are the internet , computers , technology and communications .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat Mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
Come visit the land of peace and civilization .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself . My name is Said Ahmed .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
Our school is organizing a funfair .
You will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
Also , there are some performances after the funfair .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
Sometimes we have a presentation and competition .
I was in a park when I saw a man standing just behind me .
This city is located in the north of Extremadura .
The people in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
We are going on a vacation next week .
We prefer to take a flight to Hawaii .
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
It 's so difficult .
Michael was a little boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
First , the waste management system of our area is more effective than before .
Cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
Maybe , in small part
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people ate more meat with wine . In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
The members of my family are nowhere near my best friends .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are experiencing and facing in Iraq .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in school they were enemies . They had amazing battles in the playground .
We sit around together and talk about where they live .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
how are you ? I have just received your letter .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
This country has many interesting places to visit . If you want to have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun , you can go to Parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rollercoasters .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
See you soon ,
You can save time and go anywhere more quickly by public transport .
When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to Mörby Skolan .
I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
The best place I 've visited is probably Orlando because I like all the amusement parks and roller coasters .
My favorite is the Hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
My favorite foods are pizza , tacos and kebab .
The given topic to write about is a common issue nowadays in my country .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 , the pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
But I managed to survive the night .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In the town hall , they care about the city center .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
Thanks in advance .
Istanbul is located in Turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
The best place I have ever been is on an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness I have is that I can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
Someday I want to go to Bali , because it seems like a really nice place .
Three things that I could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
My favorite movie is The Wolf of Wall Street .
I do n't have a favorite book .
My favorite song is Prayer in C .
My favorite singer is AVICII .
Simpsons or Family Guy .
My favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
My favorite restaurant is TGI Fridays .
When I learned to windsurf .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
Commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
As normal human beings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it . It 's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
Most people who play tennis are always ready and proud of themselves .
We all know that doing sport is very important to keep our lives healthy and happy .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
The Walking can also fitness and make the knees stronger .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
Dear Grandmother ,
And I went to open the door .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
But , whatever . I went .
I was a little worried because I love my sister but she was young and I had a lot of work .
However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " USA summer camps " .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
In particular , I like karate and Kung - fu .
My favourite sport is badminton .
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
The more I remind myself to get up early , the more things I need to do .
Because I think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I want to say that people 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , people will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , people need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worms or anything but hope .
I like that phrase because the boy was happy because he got to
When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it because it makes me feel good because you do n't haf't
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
Both opinions have their merits .
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in November , and if you can , we could have a drink .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
Hello , good morning .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
Your muscles will be hard .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
The town , Lahori , is known for its practices to preserve nature . In our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
Next year , in October , I 'll go as an au pair to Oxford , where I hope to learn English .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
Yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
One of my passions in this world is helping people , any kind of people ; old , disabled , poor people and kids .
Firstly , organizing collecting garbage . for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
Meet their patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
In conclusion , I hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The Destiny .
The town is called White City .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
My name is Samy .
I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
From the best to the worst .
And I can clearly say that they are our friends . We are part of them and they are part of us .
There are a lot of interesting TV programs where we can learn something and there are also intriguing television programs .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and TV and other similar things are responsible for our problems with health and eyesight .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
I remember , because we won .
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
But you must n't
Before starting to talk about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the thing I love most in my life . I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
I like this game very much . It is a very useful game . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketball many years ago . I want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
Travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano . She 's pretty and smart .
Huang Ji Huang specialize in a stew pots menu , which will allow you to enjoy authentic Chinese food .
I guess every child wants to investigate the world .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
The material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
This is good , because sales never went down .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
Pain and Gain
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
Sport is very important for everyone .
If you score a lot of points , you will win the match .
My parents always support me playing what I like and
Do you know why I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . Because when you play you have fun and interested .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
It is about a family ( a mother and her two children , Nicholas and Anne ) . The mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the light in general .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "
At the end , the intruders turn out to be ghosts that
So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
They caught him and
The policeman was sham feom the gues and he apologised .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce stress levels . Besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
For instance , my town has a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
I do n't know what I can tell .
He had very beautiful brown hair , green eyes , and a perfect smile .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
We visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
It is a true statement about cars . Travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new technologies apply to the
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
When you can , call me .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
Also , I believe that lifeguard could be a good job , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguards .
Best wishes
Toni
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
Write soon ,
My favorite sport is basketball .
It is an amazing sport .
When I jump to throw the ball in the basket , I feel like I am flying .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
I know that I am not a professional player and I do n't belong to any team , but I like this game . Basketball is so simple play but it needs speed , concentration and the ability to determine distances . It consists of two teams of five players and each team tries to get a point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something important with your own money .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are disadvantage as well .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
Public transport has advantages and disadvantages . i will start with the disadvantages .
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
He had a lot of animals : two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eight ducks and one cat , Lionel .
It was six o'clock and he had to hurry if he did not want to get to school late .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
It is claimed that our lives will improve in the next fifty years .
Firstly , I 'd like to talk about jobs . I think that these are the most important thing to worry about . If our studies get better , we will create more jobs and as a result the economic situation of the country will be better .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
My family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
My father is a businessman .
He is 65 years old .
He works in real state investment .
My mother is a teacher .
She is 50 years old .
She works in a primary school .
My older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
The younger brother is 25 years old .
He is a dentist .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
The last member is me . I 'm an aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
The best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
He is my best friend and brother .
He is very helpful and collaborator .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
They spent their lives helping us to be good men .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
I was sitting calmly in a cafe , when I heard it ringing .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a section for detergents , tissues , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
For example , a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
Also , I can see the air pollution is tallest .
Once upon a time , there was a little man called Michael . That man had the heart of a little child and the courage of a big man .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Hello to everybody ! !
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
Firstly , public bus services are very popular in most parts of the world .
Finally , public transport is cost - efficient .
Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
Dear
Lou
This is Danbi from ueecx13 .
This city does n't have a lot of citizens but it 's a tourist city .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
The interviewer who was sitting in front of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loved .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
Hello ,
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
Victoria
The atmosphere is also very good . It has live music with different bands .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
The cost is reasonable .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Besides , the attractive storyline has a lot of climax , so that everyone can watch this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
He lives in Prado so I have to take two buses and that is very tiring .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
I live in La Paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
Carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
Last year I was working every Friday and Sunday at a ski camp in la Masella .
Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
Chrissy made a funny face but the guards did n't say anything .
The report explains how my town 's people take care of their surroundings to preserve this planet in a better way .
Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
She gave the king an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
Using your own car to go to the city centre could be a nightmare . It would be a stressful waste of time .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
I miss you so much . How is your baby ?
I could come to Madrid .
Oh ! My brother , David , is going to get married ! Surprise !
My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
The movie which I have chosen to write about is Microphone .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
It likes my laptop and it plays with the cursor .
When the children go out , it becomes sad .
my first job was as a babysitter .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
Public transport is busy nowadays .
badminton is .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami . When I left I had a special feeling ; many people were looking and clapping .
I need the services for a year , so can you provide those services ?
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
I must say that public transport is a lifeline in today 's world .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of The Dream of the Red Chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of The Dream of the Red Chamber has 120 units .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
Hello , I 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old . I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) . I am very hardworking in high school and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
Now it is the holidays and we need or we want to visit places around the country .
The World Cup unites the world .
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Coming to the infrastructure of badminton , it is all about the cock and the racquets .
The court holds 2 players or 4 players , depending on the court .
Each team has 1 or 2 players ,
They have to hit the cock over the net .
If the cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
It 's December .
Michael just felt nothing different to usual . He was on his way to school .
He went through the park where children were playing around .
He saw some street performer on the street .
Everything seemed so fine , and nothing was wrong , anyway .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
He learns how to compose and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
He thought that he had done the right thing , then went back home .
The TV shows broadcast on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
I do n't really have an opinion , I just do n't know . We will have to wait and find out .
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is jogging .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
But I had never before worked out by jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
Playing cricket also gives physical exercise to our body . we can bowl , bat , field in cricket , which requires a lot of physical activity .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
Also , I have done a climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
How are you ? I hope you 're OK .
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
I run every day .
In the future , people will go out of the Earth . Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
Cause there was lots of damage , but they did n't take responsibility .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me are : sporty , friendly and happy .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
Yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
June 21st is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - studying by yourself .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an architect . I have 5 years of professional experience .
There are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I liked it when I was young .
I remember that the first present my mother gave me was a badminton racket .
Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
I took a First Aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
My favourite sport is football . I think this game is the most enjoyable .
1 . A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
2 . He should be disciplined .
3 . During his playing time , he must give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm Sangjin .
In Korea , we usually use chopsticks when we eat meals and spoons as well .
Have you ever used chopsticks ?
So , I have to learn to use chopsticks to eat .
we have meal manners .
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
We think it 's important to respect meal manners .
Have you ever heard of stamina food ?
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
So , I have eaten it every summer for 12 years .
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
She finally felt that she was wanted , that she could do anything she wanted , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
Your thoughts are the only ones that will make the difference , so take care only of them and believe in yourself so you can achieve the prestige you 're looking for .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
Humans also want houses , and transport facilities .
For example , lots of bicycles .
After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
And it was established in 1943 . Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine corps .
To sum up , the Spanish military academy has a lot of equipment for teaching future officers .
I know a good restaurant . Its name is " Moonlight " . It is located in Abbas elakad St.
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
I can speak several languages , like Spanish , English and Russian .
by the time I have studied for a degree in journalism .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
If any tourist decides to visit the Pyramids , he / she should enjoy riding a camel , horse or buggy .
We wo n't use oil as a fuel .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
That was the reason I did not finish the book .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
I 'm interested in one sport ; football .
Moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
You do n't need to worry about timetables .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which I am going to watch this Saturday .
I am wondering if I will be scared after the movie .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The Satanists invoked an evil entity that is capable of the worst things ... Annabelle .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
The first problem is that we do n't have enough apparatus for all of the students .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is published by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have a collaboration with Environment and Development , a magazine which is published by the Center for development work " Maan " , and other websites and news and media organizations .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
So , we can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
When you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
For example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for petrol .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
They prefer to be comfortable .
In conclusion , using public transport causes less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but sometimes it leads to threats and dangers to our life .
But insurance is also a necessity and indispensable for peace of mind . It gives us surety to live life securely .
To provide insurance at nominal prices , and making claims should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
It gives competition to national companies . By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders . People can always buy a nominal premium we should inform them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of insurance .
For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
Noman took the front seat .
Though he was unwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
We visited Nagar chak with much anticipation .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
We stopped our car at a roadside tea stall to take tea .
A neverending argument took place and thus we reached Dhaka .
You can even take a rest for a while to sleep or to have a nap .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
The most exciting day of my life was when my sister and I discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! That was a very beautiful holiday !
Television entertains as well as educates people .
Channels like National Geographic and Animal Planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origins of species .
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came into my life .
I am writing to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the world ;
Basketball is a complete sport ; aerobic and anaerobic .
It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
If you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the world .
So let 's play basketball .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at Camden College .
When I was a child , I usually wore blue , grey and red .
You can walk through the same streets and enter the same shops the Romans entered some centuries ago !
My family is a nuclear family .
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
I think it 's better and safer to go to the Black Sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
She works at a language school at the local university .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
On the other hand , people are friendly , as you know , because you know some Spanish people .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
He needed to arrive at the train station on time .
Mary smiled to Peter and said : " You are welcome . Now , you have to enjoy your family .
Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age .
Always in front of your audience .
An important deal , is never to quit .
First , I want to introduce myself .
Sometimes , I feel so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
Second ,
My favourite football club is Napoli . It is the heart club . For this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , allowances , work environment , position title , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best wishes
Hi Mum and Dad
Personally , I prefer to have a clean street .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
Then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
We learn about social values , world news etc .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
Then music changed to multimedia .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
If the sheet is good or partially damaged , it can be packed and delivered by vehicles after being cut into separate notes .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
Although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I do not have very good English writing skills .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
It is an interesting activity ! There is the Fifa World Cup too !
There are soccer lessons . I have attended lessons .
My father has many hobbies , he plays football , reads newspapers and listens to the radio .
Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Once we stop using public transport , it is going to cause problems .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
First of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurants easily .
If you are a person who loves fashion , you will enjoy going there .
So it makes me excited .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney World .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my stepgrandma , but she is like my grandma .
My stepmother 's mom is also like my grandma .
I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
Yesterday I watched Fast to Furious at the cinema .
The main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " starring Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
Public transport is important for everyone .
The young people feel happier .
But when comparing my family with my father 's family ,
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Yeah , first time is OK .
There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
To illustrate , if teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge for them .
The line which represents the indoor swimming pool remains fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500 , the period of every year from April to June and October to December has the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sales are downwards overall .
The best sales achievement of the van is 4500 , 5000 , 5500 respectively .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
Television plays an essential part in our life ; we turn it on nearly every day , since it can make life more interesting .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
whenever there was a problem , I could notice it and could solve it quickly .
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
She wasted it . She can not get it back .
I like to do sports activities and educational activities .
My favourite activities are out in the open air .
My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
Passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
Passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
You should calm down and get away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control stormwater .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
But on the other hand there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
The baby 's name was Nemo .
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
For example , if you are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
With no physical exercise & healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
It helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
The factor that we are talking about is sport .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
All the states in the world have their own league .
The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
Through this comparison the author wants to show that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of Christian beliefs , but it is not .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
Hello
My name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I have been looking for a job but I have n't found a job
Thank you
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
And I will start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
A lot of people nowadays would take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
That 's why there is no future for public transport .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
But keeping in view of the environment , we should choose to use public transport .
Now these trees are grown up .
In the morning , a waste collection truck comes and it takes this waste away .
" The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
When you start talking with him , you will be inspired by his knowledge and his way of talking . He has the talent to convince
He is an orderly and clean man .
My parents are on patins . My eldest sister is 37 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin . Her name is Eman .
My youngest sister is 29 years old . She is married and she has 2 children , Jana and Salah . Her name is Asmaa .
Hello Pierre ,
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
Dear head teacher ,
As a student at a local school , I would like to say that to cancelling the field trips
Spyro in Kalithea .
Unfortunately , I saw you last many days ago .
Do you know I came back from Budapest ?
As you can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and find out something new about them .
And you ?
San Sebastian is a town near the sea .
If Azucena did not live there , we would not know Toulouse .
I like Toulouse very much .
The river in Toulouse is the Garona .
I can relax when I walk alone and hear the sounds of the birds in the trees .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
It was strange to Michael .
He arrived home and he just thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she had been unfaithful . Since then , he has been alone .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind was so strong ! I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
In the city centre we can go to other shopping centers such as : " Passage " , Europe " , " Scorpion " . Last weekend we visited Passage .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
But that 's only my personal opinion .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
Also , it has a spacious kitchen .
Finally , my apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot more advantages than its disadvantages .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food every day .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
To tackle this problem , we have to carefully think about it .
Thank you very much .
Our life keeps changing every day and we notice a huge range of changes in each decades .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
But , what about sharing a ride ?
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
My town is located along the middle coast of Vietnam .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars causes a big problem with traffic jams . People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
On the contrary , we need more public transport to improve our traffic system and find a better way to protect the environment .
Alison read the note and it said " I 'll be back at 8 pm " .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and every day Alison has to make him remember their life .
If you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport .
My favorite sport is football .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
I think that I have enough experience for the job .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for this job , I have the requirements that are requested to apply to work here .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that I gained long ago .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
For example , the fight between Muslims and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
He imagined he could fly like a dragon .
As he got closer , he saw a lot of people around the Kabaa .
To be more precise , I am in the graduating class .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
We have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series can also help you to study . For me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as Breaking Bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . I mean dreaming does not hurt .
I ask myself every day how can I survive in this mad world ?
I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but I guess I will never know .
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
This aphorism is famous and true .
It is warmth that is needful for us .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
We can choose expensive things for the interior ,
We have to invest our love , dreams , patience , and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
Building our house we make the most important place for us .
So we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
After what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
Let us examine the advantages and disadvantages
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
It is a beautiful place where people can go to have an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
I want to do this course every day if it 's possible also now .
Can you help me somehow ? Please . I want to study this subject .
The day began as usual and there were no signs of trouble , but when she woke up and went downstairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Usually her dog was a blue color but at that moment it was red
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
In addition to this , it pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
It 's all about willpower and the absolute desire to get better .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
Do n't be afraid of hockey ! You are used to sitting in front of a computer , but the best choice is to get up and go to the hockey club .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My husband invited you to that .
Although some people prefer individual games , I prefer team games .
Everything 's OK .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
Your friend
Winning . We knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
I told Tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
I am a university student .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Moreover , daily exercise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep our body healthier . So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other knids of sports to avoid diseases .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret Life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
I must say that The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who wants to spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
In conclusion , I would say that , due to recent progress in society , there has been a considerable increase in car ownership .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous Ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilities in my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
To sum up , it would seem that downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
One of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
Finally , if you get the reading habit you will organize your ideas better and you may feel more energetic . If you do n't believe me , just try it .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
Badminton for every age
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club nearby and should sign up for a training class .
Mostly , the badminton clubs sell all kinds of badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
In our badminton club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
Another thriller that is really good is The Cabin in the Woods . That movie is really entertaining , and scary .
If you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , I do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you will like that one .
This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I would find another place to stay . That 's no problem !
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
- OK .
- Sure . Thank you for your advice .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
- OK …
Watching the National Geographic or Discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
For couples who have babies , there should be babycare services .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
They are essential to share secrets or anything .
If you feel love , share it ! Every day may be the last .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But , for beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running can be boring , tiring , dangerous even , but if you have a strong spirit and willpower , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
If you do so , you do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
Companies are looking for well - educated people with good experience to hire and students are more likely to suit their choices .
In fact , China will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
Thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
When I try to create in dreams the home of the future , the first thing which I have in mind is new technology . In my opinion , homes in the future have to be different . This is connected with our society and development .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this lifestyle much more than a couple of months .
in order to not waste energy .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life . In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other cultures when they attend international schools .
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
Not just a really competitive game , football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team work .
I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384 . And since then a lot of pilgrims have been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special - an ordinary picture .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa would always be a Polish queen .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , if you have not fallen in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
You can visit museums , Roman monuments and also the cathedral .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
At night it has a special atmosphere .
First , parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
As mentioned earlier , experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
So , parents ' experiences can make them good teachers for their children .
They have really saved my life in different cases .
What I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazines , etc . When the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchair , near the fire place and reading .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on TV .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
In my town we protect the environment around us :
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
I speak both English and French well and I 'll be free all summer until the end of October because I 've just finished high school .
There , over the last two years , I was the leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of lessons for young students with learning difficulties .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
I enjoyed the time off from university .
My time off from university is important to my personal development .
Learning can also take place outside the university campus .
While on holidays from university ,
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to university .
I told my friends and family members the importance of university education to our community .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on time off from university ,
I earnt some money to pay my university fees and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the university .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
The traffic jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
By taking the subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in modern society . With great coverage and efficient routes ,
I opened it and I could see an ordinary CD inside .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
As you do not have to wait for set timetables and follow fixed routes .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more train stations and more streets .
Yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called Blade Runner .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
Dickard , the police officer , kills three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tries to kill the last robot , he discovers that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanical body , because he saves Dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for TV , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
There is a package that includes the starter , the main course and the desert .
Despite this , our appearance will change . Our fashion will be more technique .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineering degree in Mining Engineering , specializing in energy , at Vigo University .
It was a good experience . The hotel had every comfort you can imagine : a restaurant , a spa , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimming pools , a beauty center and a church .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister go to Switzerland to go skiing in the Alps . It 's wonderful and really fun .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
Right now I am reading a book called " The Maze runner " . It is very exciting .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
An argument some used was : ' In case we removed this whole industry , then there would be a humongous group of people unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
Next we talked about the following question : ' Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion . They all directly said ' Yes ' .
The next question which we talked about was : ' Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
An example on which they all agreed was : ' In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose who you had to sit next to , most people would sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
The next question was : ' Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was : ' Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question : ' If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then buy it ? '
Students who are not allowed to drive are still using public transportation and they always will do .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be OK .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
Being a politician or a film star have something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a drawback of being a celebrity , they are followed by paparazzi almost everywhere .
My listening is good and I can understand .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL ! ! Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael had just woken up . He felt a little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
I am among the first type of people .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and Crazy Dog falls on the ground and dies .
He realizes Crazy Dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
It was around 9 pm when Reilly was there .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
If you want to visit the south part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the birthplace of the culture . Then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
I mean , the " USA Summer Camps " .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost every one of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
How are you ? Have you got anything new to tell me ?
Is everything OK with your family ?
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
My parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika . I have one older sister and one older brother . They are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde . I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listen to music . My favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is Stray Hearts ( Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2 ( The Twilight Saga ) .
My favorite books are , of course , all the Twilight books ( I ca n't choose one :3 )
When I grow up I want to work with music in some way , but if I do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime every day to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water . But the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
You can watch whatever you want , whenever you want ! There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
I have experience with children aged between 10 and 12 . I have worked in the South School Centre for two years .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
The Visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know their grandchildren for the first time .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward to an even more successful event next year .
For these places , the best season is the summer .
One other place to visit in summer is the Pantanal .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
If you want to come here in the winter , you have to explore the South .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . Because of that , it is considered the universal language .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Marcos Rodriguez
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
So who can be bothered to take public transportation anymore ?
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
For that reason , I believe that being safe is absolutely better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that life will go on and one day all of us will be satisfied with this life .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
But are these newcomers going to be replaced by public transport ?
But it 's not possible that everyone has and uses their own car .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Title : The kimono .
Written by Herbert Ernes Bates .
He forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
Twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
and he held me tightly .
What an amazing surprise ! I was very emotional and was about to cry . "
But you were in Ireland . What are you doing here ? I was n't expecting you . " "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue to think it is very dangerous .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the LED and battery hatch to the badge .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft Office packages .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to keep under -200 degrees Celsius .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
Let us look at an example of a university student .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
Twenty years ago , no one would have thought of the invention of the iPad or smartphones and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become necessities of our daily lives . Nowadays , many people have got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The iPad , smartphones , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common - they have changed our lives dramatically .
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
Yours faithfully ,
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
My name is Filip Jönsson . I 'm 13 years old .
My parents ' names are Susanna and Peder .
There was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . And , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
My favorite book is " The Hunger Games " .
My favorite TV series is called " Lost " .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In fact , when I was sixteen years old , I began to go to the stadium with my friends every Sunday .
In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
He won two national championships and also an important European competition .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
Another reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place you could visit with your group .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
I 'm not addicted to films whatsoever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
He is a soldier in the military in Thun , where he works as a teacher .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
So , from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
What places you can visit
Where you can have an amazing night
We have an active nightlife in this city . Live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had good movie listings .
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for Mr
Indeed , I consider Mr
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
This film was about how a previous robbery which had been committed by Vin 's gang leads to the hatred of a criminal played by Jason Statham .
Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
The end of the story comes when Diesel gets cornered by Jason , suddenly Dwayne came and shot Jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the blowing up of Jason 's helicopter .
This film will keep everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond Paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life . I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioning or anything which can make travelling enjoyable .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
You do n't have to think about bus timetables and stops .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
So I think public transport should remain .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
He says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
The more cars on the road , the more greenhouse gases are produced .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . That way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
The old man said , " You feel happy , do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
Maybe he 's too cowardly to admit it , but yes , he 's in love with Celine .
Most girls play it in my village .
In big cities , there 's a similar sport called basketball and this one is more for boys .
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as cancer or aids will be cured , and there will be no worries about them .
After a while , when we were playing one of his computer games , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
In the end , we heard Michael 's scream .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
One day , searching on Google , the two friends discover that Google is looking for new people to employ in its company .
The Google agency invites a lot of people and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
Honestly , I do not like nature programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like sports programmes and comedy shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite TV shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " . All these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and comedy shows .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beautiful . You both have a perfect match .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
I think you will understand my situation .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
My mother sends you best wishes and me too .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
Pintores Street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
Even Homer mentioned garlic in his Odyssey .
At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing in order to help our environment .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
I looked back and I noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity , I dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought I decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did n't know what I was going to find at the end of my hunt , but that idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and I went into it .
I had been well prepared and I carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally I arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the shore and as soon as I went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead , I saw a blinding light and I realized that I was n't alone because I could hear the sound of music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun , when I opened my eyes , i realized that I was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that I will never forget .
First and foremost , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
I live in a little part of Stockholm called Danderyd .
Most people in Sweden are Christians .
Most people go to high school and university .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free downloadable program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to each other and text each other totally free !
The problem is that there are a lot of Swedish people that are racists .
Or for those who do n't have Swedish culture .
All this makes using a car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straightaway from the very door of your own house .
His name is Mohamed , but he is usually called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the country where he works .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he has been unable to find proper employment in his country .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coast in 2011 . Helped by the Senegalese community , he eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other countries .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
Cars symbolize wealth .
There are many people who have experienced a car crash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport .
Because we see developed countries and the way that they use resources .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
( How much ?
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
First of all , dogs and cats are very loyal creatures .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
They feel , as if they were humans .
We can talk , walk and hang out with them .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
We only needed a water tank and the sun .
The energy of the sun was the food for the seaweed and they stored it in their cells .
Not every day do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages . In ancient times it was used for gladiator shows and for other public shows .
Dear Sir ,
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
It 's one of the best TV cooking programmes that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes individual and collective work .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
Nowadays , it is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job can actually become .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called Coolclub , which only started a week ago .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or toothpaste .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do window shopping .
I talked about it with Mum . "
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his Facebook page .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
For example , the wider choice of programs from all over the world allows us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhances our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
In Mexico , a foreign person does not face difficulties getting hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my country . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
I did wrestling at college .
This was during my first year at college .
Wrestling is a new sport which was unknown to many of my classmates at college .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
I am a teacher in a high school and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
My name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin . My German teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experience .
They are more than willing to reply to your questions .
Mr Keefe 's general condition has improved .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
In addition , I suggest going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoeing , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoying the countryside
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . In this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
Now that I 'm on holidays , I watch more TV , especially some series like Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
For this reason , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
Courage can change lives .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , pointless .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
These tickets allow you to get into the VIP zone .
I 'm sending this email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
Everyone wants to have a stressless / happy journey , whether it is for a long journey or not .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , Facebook or Whatsapp .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on Mars .
Hi Brother ,
I hope to see you soon , Brother .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
No more alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and pleasant period of time .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
The garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . In 50 years ,
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Doctors will also be able to cure lethal diseases .
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
We will become robots , no longer people !
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
He began to have intimate relations with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises - " Wait for me !
Hey ! how are you ? How is life ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
I hope that 's useful . Good luck and let me know how you get on .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs ' ( 2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts ' ( 2:1:107 ) .
The fruits , mentioned above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest ( berries ) .
She refers to the moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
You will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
You can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
Looking for a job in Vietnam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College Theatre
Some people complain that when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day ! They would like to have a rest .
More and more people have started wondering about their health , something that makes them not use their cars as often as they used to .
The local authorities could also organise events in which they can encourage people to start saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
The desserts are delicious and original .
The waiters are really helpful .
During a meeting with the head of department in MOH , I was complaining about servicing of the microscope by their staff ( almost 99.9% from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested providing the required training for all his staff , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I received a call from one of the technicians , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who has a compliant against us ) , asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or contract ) .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to another people use different means .
There are a variety of transport means .
whereas the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
The users of transport means differ . The public ones are able to carry large numbers of travelers , whereas the private means are used by very small numbers of people .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
To whom it may concern
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
I would also recommend stretching after every workout to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , everything on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , when we think about the current programs ' style , even those shown on paid TV , it seems that nothing has changed .
They keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
So , if I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
It was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of Snow White . It was very funny .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
It was the first day of spring and everything was coming to life .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my viewpoint are stronger .
On the other hand , there is one other very important thing in my life - health .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
Well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nighttime because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finished my whole routine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nighttime is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I like most .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
In addition , clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific papers are one way to present , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking if they could do with some help .
Today , not many amphitheaters are standing .
The Italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to English .
Many people consider them indispensable .
Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
The job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
For instance , one day I was walking in the park when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in the playing area . I helped her immediately , and after I was sure that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident . She thanked me a lot .
In addition , young people display altruistic behavior from the 18th month .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
So , in my opinion , children when they are witnesses always want to help strangers .
How are you ? I hope everything is alright .
As we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
Riding also means cleaning the horse and looking after it , but never mind , it 's the best sport you can do .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
With this in mind , some questions arise : should young people be given money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm Catholic . I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vatican 's rules .
I 'm a free Catholic .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
It gives you the possibility of working as an au pair .
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
The Danish measures will also be compared with other actions taken by European countries like Italy .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a widescreen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
I read your advertisement on your internet Website .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam Riley as Diaval .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
So , there will be a future for public transport because of its benefits or advantages to human society .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
It is very good for the circulation . Running helps me to be in good shape .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
Nobody would deny the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable advantages , such as mass production , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
To illustrate , machinery and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop mass production and increase the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory " . If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he does n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then the raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead ( Out ) .
Why on earth do they love cuts , scratches and scars ! Are they sick ?
one of the most exciting days of my life was the 23rd August 2014 .
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor Who ...
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
! If , ( one day ) I have the possibility to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
Hi Chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
The idea of writing a blog triggered my mind as well .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
Good
He : lol . I think I will win :P You wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
Looking forward to hearing from you .
That 's why I prefer travelling by car instead of public transport .
I play skat .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and skat is n't .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until Laura came to town .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
Music is a science ! Yes it is .
In particular , the piano is a universal instrument that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the orchestra .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on Saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entertained .
Yours sincerely
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd better go on Khreshatik Street .
The World Cup is a world famous festival .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
My favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
First of all , you need to preview . If you do this , you 'll have a clear idea about what you are going to learn in class .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
The chilis restaurant at 123 Street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
The scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . If you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
Nevertheless , today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
On the one hand , comedies are my favourites because I need to laugh when I have finished my work .
It 's a pity
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
Hi Jennie ,
However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
One of the most obvious effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South Poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
it is time to intervene and take action .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
You have all the kinds of German food you can imagine , from sausages with choucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
to : Miss Analia
from : Candela Bergamaschi
date : 24th June
As requested , I have investigated the features of the main means of transport which are used in my local area .
My findings are presented below .
Buses :
Buses are the main transport in my area .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
Cars :
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
Another option :
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
I sometimes go cycling , running , or even dancing on Sunday .
But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a volunteer .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
Does it look like your old house or it is bigger than that ?
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
I found myself teaching English in my country , far from the language competence I longed for .
In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to see our local and famous brewery .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
I 'm a teenager and nowadays I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computer or whatever .
Firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
Therefore , educational institutions should encourage students attempting research which is unlikely to succeed .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
I would recommend the tourist office to increase the variety of shops in Puerto Marina .
Dream walked towards me and said " Do you know how to satisfy a lady ?
Once again Dream said to get ready . I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , so I spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase profits and I am doing well .
And for me , that 's total nonsense .
It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery " . It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the people buried there and their lives .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
It is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . In my opinion ,
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
Secondly , the infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
The most used public transport is the bus .
However , buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Therefore , the best way is to leave 30 minutes every day for reading and beginning to read at once .
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
Everyday on the news we see refugees who are living in miserable condition .
The Homeless people are human beings and they must have their rights in life .
Well , maybe it 's for the best - less pressure .
The pressure is so great that it could be used as fuel to fly to space .
I have 6 younger siblings ; 4 girls and 2 boys , and every time my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I hope you consider me for this job .
Thank you for your time . Have a good day !
In Blink , the Weeping Angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Personally , what I can say is that playing this sport makes me feel really alive and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the World Cup .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " Where is my Playstation ? ? " , said Paul , inconsolably , and he ran to the kitchen .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
Of course there is a future for it , and more and more every day .
Greenhouse gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
The Online visiting is a good point in this case .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy . We can consider it an economical method .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see where our children are and if everything 's OK .
I hope it will never happen .
The kids loved learning new dances and cultures .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
Discovery Channel is a knowledge bank and Animal Planet is very interesting .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The National Museum .
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas . Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feeds millions of people .
During my tenure at the University of Economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in spring or autumn because in summer it is too hot .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you could try looking for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the summer months .
Those questions are : where do we come from and how ?
My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
TENNIS AND NOTHING ELSE
The entertainment section stays open after the mall closes .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' the USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
For example , a lady travels on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do whatever she wants .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the north and in the south of the country .
I graduated from AL - mustansiria University / College of Arts / Department of Translation in 1998 .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they felt in their own cars .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
I hope this letter helps you to decide what you will do .
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in sport .
The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
Apart from the above - mentioned points , there may be so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in 2112 ' .
When I was in secondary school and my friends were dreaming of being doctors or dentists , I decided that I would be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
My view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
In Zermatt you can see the Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on Toblerone packaging ) .
But I do also like a movie called The Game Plan .
For example , Pretty Little Liars and Modern Family .
Pretty Little Liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
Modern Family is my favourite series .
I do also like a song called Classic with an artist called MKTO .
One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called Dahlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Dear Mr . Smith
The sublime inspired many writers , like W. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the sight of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
If I had to find a downside to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their story lines .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
So I switched off the projector , took out my whiteboard pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted to traditional methods of teaching .
At the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red . The statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer . Once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a comeback .
How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
Proposal to improve the school 's facilities for language learners .
Secondly , it was surprising to discover the absence of internet access in the computer room .
Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
Also , films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
There are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
Primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . Not to mention wedding party expenses .
Today I want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
We use cash every day and it is of great importance to our daily life .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really angry , so Lucas decided to go home .
The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra - curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
When I was younger , I went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids feel the same way .
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their lifestyles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
The following day , she went back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they were very curious about Alison 's weird trip .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
What I did not do in the vacations
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is open .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
I 'm completely certain that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our lifestyles will have changed a lot .
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
The first advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
They enjoyed being the " boss " and telling other students what to do .
This made everything seem less cluttered and more manageable .
If grammar was part of the lesson , it would need to be a point that is being revised .
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
Hi ! How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
At first , we did n't know what it was from , then I realized that the cake had blueberries , and I 'd never eaten one before .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine ( I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check everything for blueberries .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how terrible the situation in Italy is and I have decided to come to the UK to improve my CV as well .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my CV .
OK , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
While background color and artwork are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not overlook either .
He must have applied some lipstick for them to be that red !
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " But it was too late .
Gone are the days when Tom mindlessly chased Jerry .
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
If you require any further information , I am available for an online interview .
Chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and getting to know new aspects of life .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffering from these problems , I do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
And the other questions : which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations help me with my writing process ?
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting into the central business district .
I think there is a role for both modes of transport after taking into account all of the above reasons .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different timeframes will be challenging .
I would like to give some advice to people who want to start walking : take your time , do not try to walk ten kilometers the first day . Try short walks first and every day increase the distance .
The Countries will have a crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
Yours faithfully ,
My name is Alexandra Kennedy .
This may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and loses control of the car .
The sport that I like most is dancing .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
The things some of them wanted : unbelievable ! Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
The " New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love opera .
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a worldwide spoken language be ?
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
Are you OK ?
Jake is a freelance journalist .
I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
As the secretary of the English Language Club , I am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
We also believe the college benefits from our club .
We hope you will be able to take all this into account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are Velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
With the development of mass media , television and internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
During the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
I went into the tiny shop and the shopkeeper looked through me .
The shopkeeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
I walked forwards and stared at the shopkeeper .
This was demonstrated during the project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
Recycling waste water is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify waste water to a satisfactory safety level .
If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitate to answer .
I saw this advertisement on a website and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally went out of his room and said " Please Mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
During this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire court .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the jury with the maximum score of 10 .
Since my law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
The labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
South of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
But it was okay .
Its own end ?
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru . My job would consist in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School ( MIRBIS ) .
I have 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand named companies : " Barbie " , " The Children 's World " , " My Toys " . In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
I prefer to call that a lifestyle .
Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
It uses only fresh ingredients from Naples that are brought there every day .
Only then can you really start to speak .
I find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion between professor and student . Others may disagree .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
I hope you 're OK , by the way .
No change ; no nature .
To stop the change is impossible . That would be against nature and against ourselves .
But at the same time , we are working against nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are more and more frequent nowadays .
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , time frames and charges as well .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
It was a quarter to two , so Tom lay back in his chair , took a deep breath and waited for his workmates to arrive .
Cultural literacy is knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
Anyone who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
Secondly , you can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues with the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils ' minds of their new knowledge .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fair way .
Naseer Khan was an able general , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
The girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
Thank you for your advice . Kisses !
