My town is a medium - sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
Carry on reading to know why !
The main reason why I wanted to try it was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a good mountain bike .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
Nobody will regret it .
I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
from a story their mom often reads .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends .
I have only traveled two times .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot there .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting for Michael .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel different .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
None of the people knew what that was , so they did n't care about it .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
He was spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
So , let 's start .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
Therefore , the traffic will be better .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
Yours faithfully ,
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
Would you like to join us ?
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I like a lot of food and drink .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
I hope this letter finds you well .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
I recommend you to try this kind of job if you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
Why then are there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
We can solve this problem if we want to .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at her .
Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you have to take the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time . On the other hand , it is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have any coins to pay the bus driver ? Here comes the problem .
Although Canada is an English - speaking country , in Montreal , the official language is French .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
and the second one is the fashion or style of young people who do n't like going somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
There are also limitations there .
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
But that does not mean that public transport does not have a future .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading books .
His hobbies are listening to music , playing computer games , watching football matches and watching TV .
However , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and still have now : my weight .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then everything changed .
Learning English is very important to the future of everyone .
People speak differently , but with a basic level , they understand English .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
Everyone could speak and understand each other .
But this is not so . Therefore , we must study English .
I want to give advice to people who love this type of sport : please do not give it up , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a beneficial sport .
It 's a good idea to improve my English writing .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
But in Egypt no one gets what he deserves . You have to pay a lot of money to have a job or know someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
Even if I want to focus on my work , they create one or the other issue to distract me .
We can change everything that harms us if we need to , if we have the will .
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
But if you are willing to live a happy life .
In my opinion , the main course needs improvement .
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
There are not many healthy drinks . There are not many hot drinks either .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is thought that you should change the type of food regularly .
You should also reduce fast food , which makes people obese and is not healthy .
It would be better if you offered drinks according to the weather , so , when it 's winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my income , helping me to pay my bills .
I am twenty - five years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
I actually liked it quite a lot . I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging . It 's just really interesting . The movie is about the American government , who annually give 12 hours when all crimes , even murder , are legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join in . You can kill whoever you want .
At the beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including issues relating to security .
They can only be packed and distributed if they are of good quality .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to what we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
Firstly , there are plenty of people who ca n't buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transport .
The ticket does n't cost too much and it is affordable for the majority of people , at least compared to buying a car .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
Nowadays , many people have their own transport . For example , they have cars .
Transport is the best facility for people to be able to travel around a country .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
Without it , many people would have a lot of difficulty going somewhere or returning home .
However , there are some disadvantages with public transport . They cause many traffic jams . This is because the buses are large and difficult to control .
If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
Many people travel by train because they arrive quicker than the bus and are cheaper in the long run .
Public transport will have a future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
Is your family happy that you came back ?
We met each other near Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
Nowadays , using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
It provides citizens with the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always careful about rubbish and try to clean the village .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
And then we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most essential part comes . We need to inspect the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distribution , whereas the others should be destroyed as well .
In conclusion , the whole process is an unreversed schedule .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheets of bank notes , are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . There are some requirements -- colour on both sides , special ink , slightly raised images .
The most important step is inspection . The printed sheets should be manually inspected .
Finally , if it is a good sheet , the procedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
I do not know from where to start .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to allowed to sell knives .
It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Everyone in the world has a goal .
Unfortunately , my previous studies were in Arabic .
The most difficult area in English I have trouble with is writing .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
For example , new computers are smaller in size than the old computers , they are also faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files and other stuff like apps .
In the last year , some politicians have decided to put our city in order . So , for example , they put again to place the roads .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns in Italy .
For example , when a man or a woman has finished smoking , he / she throws the earth cigarette instead of in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'd have a fine to pay .
When I was a child , I used to play football with my friends .
I sometimes played in school break in the morning .
This sport was very happier for me , but one day I broke my leg and then I never played football again .
Although I go jogging , I also do another sport , swimming .
I began doing this sport three years ago when I lost my job .
And finally , I will only tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
Then he decided that he would just go to the fishing shop and ask a shop assistant for help .
Off the top of his head , he asked his nephew to go fishing with him .
It turned out that that young boy had a good head for fishing and now they always go fishing together .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
What I like about cycling is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did when I was small . I like high speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like climbing , but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
The amount of garbage is increasing at the same time as the number of humans is increasing .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to increasing consumption of energy , water and other resources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is increasing in these countries too , as a result .
These problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , too .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are being implemented .
People organise common action for cleaning areas near houses .
These activities take place especially in spring and in autumn .
We should put a lot of cameras in the street to know how these accidents are caused .
if everybody knew that there is a punishment for what they do and nobody can escape from what he did , I guess we would have fewer traffic accidents .
What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
Good ones will be packaged and distributed . workers will cut them and deal with them carefully .
On the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so you could find a job as a waiter .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical well - being , it is also a really good hobby .
I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
I ordered 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but I still do n't have my order in my hand .
Thanks for everything and I want my money back if I do not get my cpu .
Nowadays , people are becoming more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show others this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transport be forgotten , since as well as providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
In a town you can do everything fun .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skate parks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside you ca n't .
But you should go to the school that you want . That is just my advice , OK ?
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
There you must n't speak loudly and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
Personally , I think studying on a computer is a better choice .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way that you can study what you want .
People are thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and saving money .
Mainly , the environment will change .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
Living there will be harmful for everybody !
The members of my family are certainly my real best friends , who I can trust and ask anything without shame or regrets .
Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are not too important .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressful , I think .
Firstly , young people usually calm down through music , for example classical music .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Through style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusion , the life of young people is not very easy .
Hi , my name is Adrian . I am 17 years old and I am a footballer . I was born to be a footballer .
We played football every day in school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone told me to go to a team ,
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
I definitely agree with that .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
The good news is the people who can take advantage of technology can save a lot of time because they might have a sophisticated robot that can help at home .
In the age before industrialisation came into existence , people also used various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
They mostly depended on animals to pull carts and to ride on them .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it seems there is no future for public transport .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; it 's a Brazilian band . The type of music is rock and rap . Their music is very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listening , to turn up the radio , but the singles are dead .
In another words , this kind of education system should be included in all classes in all schools .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authorities , students will be encouraged to learn more efficiently .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect the education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned points , such as the quality of the education system not only interests with mixed education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
She has been an important person to me since I was 8 .
My father is another important person to me .
I appreciate him a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
When I became , first a teenager and later an adult , I got to know the majority of my friends , good friends .
We keep in regular contact , we go out to dinner or have a coffee frequently .
Everything here is great .
It 'll be the second time I 've visited the UK , and I do n't want to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future . Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as difficulty getting to the nearest destination , pollution , and disease .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time and have to make more efforts .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
My favourite sport is volleyball . I have been playing it since 2006 . My favourite position is number 2 . I usually play it in the faculty of engineering ? . It makes me fit and tall .
I usually play it with my friends .
We won 1st place and got the cup . If anyone intends to play this game , he should practise hard to be able to play it professionally .
I am looking forward your to reply .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father taught me what football was , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers . Why have I liked football since my childhood ?
Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
Football is a good way to do exercise because it is interesting and fun .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one too .
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
In contrast , vacation / leisure and misc decreased over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for misc , which was the lowest compared with other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% .
These days , public transport shows no future .
Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
Firstly , the failure to construct more railway lines is one reason .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for public transport .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of studying foreign languages at an early age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new languages before secondary school discourages students ' usual learning and that their understanding of other subjects would suffer .
However , I personally believe that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
Learn how to walk before learning how to run . The opponents contend that children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Thus , people believe that children learning foreign languages at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Primary school is the best time for learning . Children gain knowledge more easily and faster .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
One day he had a fight with his sister . He even made her cry . Both of them stopped talking to each other and , after some days , the boy needed his sister Sukh 's laptop .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
Her brother picked up her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop . Then the boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To sum up , I think it is inevitable .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about the life of Rose .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
Suddenly , he took the agreement and signed the piece of paper with his blood .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , which we could not find ,
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody would tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there were a lot of people .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy did too .
What are you eating ?
I cycle at the weekend .
One of my favorite books is The Power of Your Subconscious mind .
Letter written to report on the awful environmental situation in my city !
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
People who drop litter on the streets are one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
Another point that I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
Finally , I can say that they not only put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the dogs ' ' pooh ' .
Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
The culture shock is what international students need to overcome .
They have left their comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
It is hard to live overseas alone . Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can help one another .
I have a big brother . He 's 14 and goes on Friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football . It 's great fun to play it with all my friends . I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I do n't have a favourite movie . I like many but the movies I like the most are comedies and action adventure .
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
My favourite restaurant must have good meat and be really nice .
It 's the most popular sport in the world .
Deforestation can damage the cycle of nature .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
It is difficult for birds from urban areas to find proper food .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to say that Kike is a really tall man ; his height is 1.95 meters .
He has a strong voice that , with his appearance , makes him look impressive .
So , he is hard - working . He is a lawyer and always helps me with all my professional problems .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
My wife is a very special person to me . I like her very much .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
Last night , I went to a restaurant with my family .
l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
The waiter came and took the order .
l hope l can go at weekends with my family and friends .
Sometimes , many people want to travel far away over long distances , so they need planes .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have a lot of means of transport , such as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
These days , in the castle there is a museum .
It is one of the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because there are always people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a larger than normal size because it is much bigger than the usual food .
The famous dish of this restaurant is a huge hamburger .
Public transport will have a bright future ; in contrast , travelling by car will vanish from our lives .
My favorite way of travelling is by train .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
I started this sport when I was 11 years old . My dad let me go boxing and I started that sport .
I think is a better idea that people use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
It was a cold night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on telly , called " Dare to Win " . I was with my brother when we decided to call . The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answered in time , and there are different things for the winner .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever we needed .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the Apple store , and I bought a new mobile phone . It is awesome because it has reliable tools which allow me to do my daily work .
It is true that when travelling to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , because of the ease of having your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time taking cabs .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that public transport has no future . However , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better types of fuel or energy . One way is using renewable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hydraulic(water),Also , there are biodiesel and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Also , I have a lot of friends .
Nowadays , it is possible to find any kind of TV programme you want and , yes , I consider that there is a lot of sport on television , but not too much .
People 's way of life has become more and more stressful .
So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
The album , with eleven tracks that reached number one , won gold and silver awards for the best - selling in various countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
Technology is increasing throughout the world .
Information via the Internet had beem more quickly each day and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore , things and processes are evolving .
People 's lives are getting easier and more comfortable .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
My teacher said that public transport has no future in our society , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . Nevertheless , I disagree with her opinion because if we use public transport we will pollute less .
They had no choice , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
There were not any company cars , but now most people have cars .
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of historical Greek monuments .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the Temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruins and they were really beautiful and , also , the view was amazing !
That day , we had a great time and it was sunny and hot . I took a lot of photos and I learned new information about those important buildings .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
Stories about UFOs started in antiquity .
Maybe we are not alone and UFOs exist ?
I am a person that likes going to do exercise . For this reason , I like doing some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport in the world is soccer .
I believe that playing soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that people might like , there always has to be some rules .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes . My brother felt sorry for him . He gave the little boy his smartphone and put on some good music . The little boy stopped crying and started to smiled .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
Her husband had died a long time ago .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
However , she took half of the money because of her brother .
We do not know what 's coming in the future .
But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , they will be either optimistic the about future or pessimistic about the future .
Not because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and conditions . Allow me to explain my opinion .
Humans are looking for power and they apply the law of the jungle , the strongest beat the weakest .
There is a categorisation of countries ; there are developed countries , emerging ones and countries on the way to development .
What are the criteria of this ranking ? and ...
And unfortunately , this bad impact exists in almost all areas of life .
The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
And it is very well organised .
Trains are going to be used forever .
There is a hotly debated issue relating to whether students should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to travel for work , for holidays ...... but if the petrol were cheaper , they could travel a lot .
It relies on you alone .
Furthermore , your abuse of the cat has violated not only ethics but also the law .
Keeping a cat is not a simple matter and it needs real love and good care .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
It is not a difficult thing to do .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
Why should I get this job ?
Best regards
You can put all the bags that you want to take in your car .
I really love children and taking care of them . I also have experience of working in summer camps and had a good experience making delicious food because I already did these things in other camps .
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
They usually do n't want to be with me , but today we played all day long .
It was such fun and I could n't stop smiling .
The weather was also good today . The sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
When everyone was out , we told Matias off because he organised a party without our permission .
What is the meaning of friend ?
A friend is a person who will be there in your hard times and happy times , and a friend always encourages you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
According , for a boy or girl , having strong muscles can make them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sports team can maintain a good body shape and it will let students more easily make new friends .
The human being is the most wise and intelligent of all of these .
Let 's talk about one of them , which is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading garbage near our houses and offices .
This may be due to people not being aware of the consequences of this bad habit - spreading the rubbish .
They collect household waste in a dustbin and dispose of it by the proper standard procedure .
To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and environment - conscious through education .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause a dependence , cartoons and " stupid " programs can harm young people most .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
I reduce the use of unnecesary power at home . In other words , I turn on a light that I need while I use it ; I take cooler showers ; I heat only the necessary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all things reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container . I take my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a plastic shopping bag if a salesman offers me one .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
Next I am going to Italy to see the Pope . If you want I am going to Barcelona and I would like to go with you .
Hi Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea to spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for anyone .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun , I like the bulls .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoying yourself .
A car is less expensive , more comfortable , faster and safer .
To my mind , this is not right .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plane is faster .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable , because you drive every day instead of relaxing and enjoying the environment .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a nearby place , but some of them do n't think the same .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for petrol , as the price is constantly rising , so using public transport is an economical way to travel .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster .
This includes some of the most important steps .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , preparation of the metal plates and skilled machinists are needed .
Printing is the next step . Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special requirements for the printing ; colour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The last step is the inspection . Sheets are manually inspected .
If the printed sheets are good quality , they will be packed and distributed . Some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packed or dispatched . The bad sheets will be disposed on . The destruction will be secure .
At the moment I do n't practice because I do not have time , but a miss it !
Now I go to the gym and do weight lifting three times a week . Aerobic exercise every day and yoga twice a week !
I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs . There are a lot of channels playing many roles . For instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on . Television is not only for entertainment , but also for education . Television can entertain you through it s entertainment channels , and television can educate you through it s educational channels .
In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
People do not need to save large amounts of money to buy a car .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Some more money is needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
Lastly , public transport is always blamed by people for being slow and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , whereas the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
Although most of them might be caught , only a small number of them might be adopted by friendly humans .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increases pollution and all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and seeing blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
I was born in 1989 and I have lived in Los Angeles since 2000 .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I have the chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
You can walk there in about ten minutes from the station or go there by bus .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
There is the possibility of rain .
Please write to me soon .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
I 've been playing this sport since I was six years old .
You are at an advantage if you start when you are young .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25 years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
I look forward to hearing your news soon .
I would like to change the fact that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
There is no denying that the environment is changed by the behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need too many places to build the modern society , so they cut down lots of trees , burning many grassland areas .
Another factor is that the animals do not control themselves and eat the plants leading to the destruction of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more perfect , and the people 's lives have become more convenient .
It would really be helpful if the government made tighter restrictions . In today 's world , there are lots of construction companies and factories are not admission , they are destroying the forest , farmland and wetland , discharging waste water and emitting greenhouse gas . It leads to a serious environmental problem .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral actions , as these fetuses are being deprived of their rights , since they already have a life .
People have to be made aware about abortion in order to decrease the number of women having abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
Children have to be protected before and after life . That is why abortion has to be stopped .
I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
1- Inflation in the population ; the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
3- In the future , people will be more concerned about energy , so transport will be more used .
Because of all these reasons , I believe transport will have a bright future .
I started to watch Formula One because of my father . This is his favourite sport .
Tennis is my brother 's favourite sport .
I like to play football because it 's a very exciting game . It takes only 90 minutes . Whenever I get the opportunity , I play football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
I have two reasons why I do .
First , there are many kinds of train .
" Blue train " , which has many beds on the train and we can sleep comfortably on the train .
And terrorism is scarce also .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
I prefer other kinds of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good films at the cinema .
I like thrillers and the action films because they are never boring .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which decompose after 1000 years .
This causes their reproductive systems to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
In addition , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emissions into the environment .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
This technique makes weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , leading to increased global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
He said kindly,"I bought you a present . Open it , Tom " .
Also , I love music . I often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
So I think the future of public transportation is gloomy .
Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
It 's a very simple and wonderful sport .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't make an effort toward this goal .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I am coming to your home next month . I hope that you are at home because I need your help . I want to buy a present for Mary and I do not know what her favourite colour is .
When I stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant .
Television provides a variety of educational channels as well .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
Above The above statements can ensure a rich and abundant life .
We wo n't have schools .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
If you can go with me , just let me know .
I started running because I suffered from neck pain and my left leg was not comfortable when I sat all day .
We have Earth first , then people , than our house .
Just for money for more houses , but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
Besides , some people destroy farmland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , then what should we eat ? Nothing at that time . We could n't eat anything!So what should we do ?
The forest brings us fresh air , but if there are no trees , what will happen ?
If we ca n't breathe , we will die , too !
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
For example , for young people in college , their studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to see you in August .
Or she can stay at home .
I think it is more fun to stay together in your apartment . We could tell horror stories to each other at night , before sleeping .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
I wish good luck to all Formula 1 drivers !
The key idea of this essay was the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi almost went bankrupt , but Michael is trying to prevent the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
He received a lot of criticism simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he used in his essay . Moreover , they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollars , but it is not enough .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I am writing to suggest a few things that our college can do for the environment .
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should arrange things so that , as much as possible , lectures take place in the daytime .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be litter bins for each of the mentioned materials in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
Hongdae has many kinds of places like this , but you will be concerned about drunk people late at night .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
. You can experience 19th century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional customs .
This was the palace of the Chosun imperial queen .
The palace is in the middle of the city , so you can feel the different mood between the 19th century and today .
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
Have you ever been mountain climbing ? That is incredible and amazing . Do you like your school ? your city ?
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMP SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position in the camp .
I like doing activities with them and I feed them .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
It 's very simple .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
Apart from strange cases , who does n't want to try the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurter sausages in the place where they were invented ?
You can think what you like , but I think that is the best part of Germany .
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
But friends may go away in the future or hurt you ! So you ca n't always rely on them ! For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
In recent years , the public transport system has been improved .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
This is a new age in which we live .
So , there will be problems because of these habits .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
One argument , is that more and more people live in cities .
One of these is traffic jams .
The result will be the pollution of the environment .
So , we will stop traffic jams and as a consequence the environmental problems .
If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I have practised swimming for 3 years . I am a good swimmer and I have competed in different swimming tournaments .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament . The best swimmers in the world participate in this competition .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which are cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones and packed and despatched to where they are needed .
Other ones , which are bad sheets and bad bank notes , which are damaged apparently , are destroyed securely .
This is the whole working process of the bank notes and it consists of 7 steps .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
He does not chase after the ball , does not fight enough to keep it . If he really needed the money , he would behave totally differently .
The tickets are too expensive .
But if the prices are too high , no one will visit the games anymore .
In this decade , the Taiwanese have started to enjoy our lives . So many people like to drink coffee or have afternoon tea .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
I think Taiwan will recover in the near future .
One evening , it was a blisteringly hot day but I still had to attend one of my friends ' wedding ceremony .
As a result , I drifted away from the party , going home alone .
When I woke up , I did n't know why I was at the police station .
Also , I 'm used to working long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I have worked in many restaurants .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
One day , Michael wanted to go out , so he called his best friend and suggested going out together . His friend agreed , so Michael put on his clothes , went out and closed the door , but at that moment he knew he had made a mistake .
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
When he got back home , it was late and the meeting was canceled .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
I think it is true that there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Negatives about online learning are that you 're not listening to much from a real person and more from a Computer . If pyou do n't have any listening things in the app you do n't learn how to pronounce the words . In my personal opinion , its better to learn from a teacher not only because you learn to pronounce the words correctly , but you also learn from a person , which is , in my opinion , way better . I think we spend enough time on smartphones , so I do n't think it 's the best if we use them to learn as well .
For words , I think it 's perfect , but all the grammar and talking , I think you need a teacher .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face situations which are not easy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
My mother also likes this show .
Except for some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
Of course , you can put a child lock on the TV , but if you look hard enough for some you will find some .
The TV people know what to broadcast so that children get addicted to TV .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of socio - economic levels , which makes people have different and divided attitudes toward education .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already outweighed the advantages , and many others disagree with this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some trees and flowers before the house is built .
What is worse , the space taken up by the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their homes , which become the houses of people . Nevertheless , the earth does not only belong to the human race .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of a house is too expensive for the ordinary person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
In a word , the government should appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only focus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Cars emit large amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the cause of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing and New York and this has to change .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Tennis is not a team sport .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as for a football match , for example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is difficult to get so many people to practise a team sport .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
The exception is in a doubles match .
Even then , you only have to find three more players in this case .
Another very common risk is falling on the court , which can cause dangerous scratches .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
Now I want to tell you about my summer job at a local cinema .
This was a very cool experience for me .
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
Nobody ever heard any arguing .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
They had to decide who their cat would stay with .
It was the worst mistake that he had made in all his life ....
But first , I will tell you the whole story from the beginning .
Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
And Michael said every time that he would never do that .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael opened the door and Mia asked if he had a cup of water to give him and he said no way would he give a cup of water to an old person .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
I wanted us to be able to live together forever . They took care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
When I was a university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim , because I did n't have to swim in my life .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
but I always say to my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you should register at a swimming pool .
Initially , bank notes should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues . Then , the preparation of metal plates is the next stage . note should be skilled machinists . Thereafter , the next stage is printing . worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
Subsequently , the next step is the most important . The bank notes should be inspected . The bank notes are separated into good and bad . If they get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution . At this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . If they get bad sheets , the next stage is disposal . The bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
The diagrams show how to make bank notes . There are four steps to making bank notes .
First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
And then , the sheets are printed . Operators have to pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and slightly raised images .
The first is called good quality sheets . They will be packed and dispatched .
The next is called partially damaged sheets , and bank notes are separated into good and bad . Good sheets will be cut into separate bank notes and packed ; the bad ones will be destroyed by fire .
The third category is called bad sheets . They will be securely destroyed .
These pictures show us what detailed steps are taken by the bank to produce paper money into the application .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
If I go travelling I think a car is very useful , but driving a long distance is very tiring .
Consequently , you ca n't enjoy travelling .
Children ca n't get a driver 's license , so children use public transport .
Of course , if people do n't have a driver 's license , they ca n't drive a car .
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer you up and always support you when you are in trouble .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
In addition , they always supply us with a lot of food so that we wo n't be hungry .
Besides , eating with our families is one of the happiest things in our lives .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a mutual friend 's party six years ago , when we were 25 .
But , when our mutual friend introduced her to me , I realized that she was a nice , funny person .
She 's from Morocco , so she has Arabian features . For example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and big black expressive eyes .
I have a favourite soap opera .
And I like seeing what they look like .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
Cities such as Beijing , a metropolis in China , face the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage citizens to go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has recently been opened .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
Then he was arrested and charged with the robbery before a magistrate , and is waiting for his sentence .
Let 's take me as an example . I am a 25-year - old girl who graduated from the faculty of engineering and wants to travel to Germany to complete my studies , but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
For example , lack of clean water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural resource depletion , etc .
The problems were n't very significant so we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
As well as the informative sessions about the environment organized by the Mayor for all of the residents , it also has lots of staff that clean the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live keeps the city clean and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
Secondly , if I need money , I will go back to my brother or sister . I ask them to lend me some money .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendliness has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by cars , and more governments have built public transport systems , including subways , buses etc .
Transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
In contrast , people who take public transport can enjoy the journey more because they do n't waste energy on driving .
It gives me a lot of positive energy and fun .
I play just for myself .
Sometimes , if I would like to play football but it 's raining , I can watch football on television .
If I play football with my best friends , I am a goalkeeper .
I have only one piece of advice .
Studies say the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat faster than the other sports .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding a swimming pool . I think that is just an excuse to be lazy . The Internet will help you to find one . Let 's go swimming .
FOOTBALL - MY FAVORITE SPORT
My first reason : football makes us stay in shape and avoid some diseases .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
They not only help me in every match , but also share everything with me in daily life .
Eating a balanced diet is very important for everyone , especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , that 's not all . Exercising is important too , in addition to a balanced diet .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
I think alcohol is the most dangerous addictive substance in the world .
I swim twice per week .
Sometimes I go to the swimming pool in the same area where I work and sometimes I go to my cousin 's swimming pool .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
hhhh Sometimes it is funny ,
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for African children .
So , Malaga is responsible towards the environment and towards people in need .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards the environment and acts appropriately .
Above all , they talked more . We live in the era of telecommunication and no one could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover , also , simple things have changed . For example , the food we eat . Some time ago , everything was natural , healthy ... but now everyone always eats " junk food " and things like that , which are completely unhealthy !
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot Alison 's father with a gun .
Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
To begin with , public transport is not as convenient as using our own vehicle . Every day , above all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people going to work .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than ever before . Cities contain more automobiles and the pollution is worse .We need to change our way of thinking , and try to use public transport as an alternative to improve the environment of our cities .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we visited but the best , in my opinion , was Siracusa . In particular , I liked Ortigia , which is the oldest part of the city .
It takes more time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle . There is a scarcity of buses and the timings too are not fixed .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
Public transport is much cheaper than cars and reduces traffic in the city .
It 's true driving a car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
Buses are common in the city .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
Many cars pollute the planet and people are allergic to the pollution .
This mode of transport is better for the population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
Another idea is riding a bicycle and walking .
My favourite sport is walking . I really like this sport for several reasons :
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
For all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
We fly by plane or something else .
Finally , if you drive a car , you do n't have to worry about a timetable . You can go at any time .
I suppose their lifestyle is intolerable , resteless and I really sympathise with them . The majority of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
I receive a lot of calls looking for the previous employee and I have to spend my time explaining what happened to him .
Also , there are many places to see , mountains and lakes where you can relax and have fun .
I 'm writing you a letter because I have made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what the film is about and what the experience was like .
In itself , the film did n't have an special topic , but I can describe it as a friends film , as there is a lot of laughs , jokes , and it shows that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film r with this letter .
I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
In my country , buses are an essential mode of public transport .
1 . Everyone spends a lot of time travelling .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
Therefore , the environment will be improved .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
I think we live very fast , always running . We do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
In olden times luxuries were not considered as compared to health , but now everyone prefers to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduces the problems of both pollution and crowding . We use fewer vehicles as it is big and carries a lot of people .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's that there may not be any public transport in the future .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportation , like bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to fulfil their basic needs .
More unemployed people may also lead to a higher crime rate .
On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
In ten years , they did n't change those things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
Public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a better atmosphere . Also , we save money and can meet people .
Places like Mumbai are full of people and there is no place to park vehicles .
Day by day , the number of people is increasing in Mumbai .
There are more crowds and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in their
This will save them time .
Public transport is a good way to travel from one place to another place .
The Internet is a useful tool for everyone , so we are communicating with distant friends , and we look for important information when we are studying or entertaining ourselves .
The first advantage is that the Internet is very fast . For example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
As for disadvantages , at present , children are always playing with their computer games and mobile phones .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
They had to escape with the doors of the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things ( people killing ) .
And in some of the scenes , the little girls escaped or the dad had to make them jump from one building to another one !
There are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my younger brother .
I 'm so sorry , but I ca n't come to class next week because I have to work .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
I haven't studied for this exam at all and I have got very limited time , around 3 months , before the next test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so nighttime , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
I am good at speaking and listening but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never studied writing in my life , so I want to focus on this writing part more than others .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
In particular , some people do n't have a car and some elderly people find it difficult to drive a car by themselves , so public transport helps them a lot .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
So , humans , both women and men , should behave according to these points .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
There are two answers to this question . The first one is from those who say that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
A mechanic should have the ability to deal with the drawbacks of the job .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
So no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
People use public transport to save money .
Therefore , it is likely that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
People use public transport . Also , people need to move for all the city .
Convenience is not the only consideration when we are travelling .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
, i love her so much . I do n't know what my world would be like without her and I do n't want to know .
I pray every day to save my mother and all my family .
I have . black skin , black hair .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around my city or my country . That is the best , because you can visit cities .
There are 7 billion people in the world , and the number is increasing rapidly .
When more people use public transport , there are fewer cars on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environmental problem ; exhaust fumes engulf the earth . The more the car is used , the more exhaust gases are released . We are killing our mother earth .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy . When you get a car to your home , or go to school or work by car , people will change their minds about you .
In conclusion , public transport is our future means of transport . I mean for most citizens .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
Life is a long journey . Every day , we gain more and more experience .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Becsuse it is turning red !
As you know , my grandmother currently lives in France with my cousin John . Unfortunately , he has to do a three - month course outside of the country . John needs to leave France next weekend , but it is not possible . I have to go and look after her because none of my family can spend three months over there .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
And because of technology , our lives become easier .
One example is television . In the past , we used it only for watching the news and movies , but as time goes by and the technology develops , now television has other functions .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It is very exciting to play when it 's raining .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
We enjoy watching football matches .
I 'm not good at playing it , and I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
Football is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl and sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasty recipes from all around the world to enjoy your dinner alone or with company .
The head chef is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
The food his team of chefs prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a work of art . Not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the head chef . Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
You ca n't disagree that our world become urbanization in the future , can you ?
That will make our life more and more crowded .
Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many diseases and that will change our lives , because we could live for longer .
I apologise .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have watched it all day .
In particular , I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
In your advertisement you mention working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
Second is the preparation of the metal plates .
It 's done by skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printed . Printing colour on both sides and use special ink and the images are slightly raised .
At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
At the same time , bad sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
Hunting is the most enjoyable thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to be out in the forest .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
They 've got many moose , so they shoot a lot of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , skilled machinists are used .
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
My English language is weak . I would like to improve it to complete my postgraduate studies .
The reason for choosing the English language specifically next September I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
This activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
Do you want to know how much fun it is now ?
There are a number of reasons why you should attend the funfair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by buying things .
As one of the members of the school community , you should n't miss the event , n't you ?
If these reasons why you should take part in the event haven't whetted your appetite , you might try searching for some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be held successfully this year too .
I think everyone should do one sport . We can feel better after that and that is very good for our health .
In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
Every day , sweepers clean the Caceres streets and people teach their children that rubbish must n't be thrown away in the street .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
The team name comes from the local area , which is AKSARAY . I like to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
It was just a very long tunnel that was dark and strange . After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
Fifty minutes passed , and my body was no longer sore .
Finally , I saw a light appear and I woke up .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commuters , for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without the terrible discomfort of buses . In addition , there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , especially if the government invested their money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionise our lives .
Well , the way that we use television depends on each one of us .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
When we come home after work , or school , we need a way to relax .
Maybe studies we do in another way ; in research on computers , in books , etc ...
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
Nowadays , everybody has the ability to buy a television , so the numbers of TV viewers is going up ; even if you are poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no excuses not to be an informed person .
Going shopping is one of those things that you can love or , like me , you can hate .
Normally , I do n't spend a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring and stressful .
Shopping online is also not , from my experience , a good way of shopping .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
If everybody used public transport , the world would be much better , and people will be less stressed , because they will be not worried about parking spaces or being in the traffic .
You have to take very great care when you carry humans .
I hope it will be fun there , and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me feel that I must go while I can . I ca n't wait till the day comes .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about the apartment . It is very beautiful , not big or small , but medium - sized with two rooms inside , a bathroom and a dining room and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
The home was on the shore . There was a tunnel and it 's hole was in the deep . At first he used to be polite and obey the other orders .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Also , they obey the rules and regulations of the city authorities .
Due to our help , people 's work has become easier .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
Last but not least , the strict rules and regulations have a more effective impact on making a good town .
Firstly , shopping can waste so much of your time .
Generally , we use a cricket ground which has an oval shape .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for it .
I have been a very strict and keen ecologist for 10 years .
I describe how it looking my everyday life .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
I switch on the home heating for a temporary period . When I am working from home , I use more energy to warm my home .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
I think it is true , because a lot of people like travelling by car .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine when attending parties or meeting with friends .
There are various opinions about how foods play an essential role in our lifestyle .
Actually , modern life has caused our palate to change . Instance some people who work the majority of their waking hours prefer to eat fast food more .
Our commitments cause us to forget ourselves and our health .
In conclusion , if we make a decision to live longer , following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
Thank you for giving me the chance to pass on this information as per your request .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
Other residential areas , using their potential to maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , have numerous green spaces .
Also , recycling the trushes is a very intelligent way to keep the town clean and get multiple uses out of the products in industry lines .
on the other hand , the eldest people in our city have many social responsibilities and are encouraging the youngest people to participate in the annual gardening festival for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although each household can make a real difference by taking good care of the area in front of their houses and keeping it clean .
Hope that this information is useful
One day , at the end of classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit Michael , and Michael ran away .
A car crashed into him and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Before I started university , I had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and sociable .
I like the Indian restaurants in the city . In addition , the infrastructure and roads are well organised .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
Travelling by public transport would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
The good things about not allowing cars in city centres are that the traffic will be reduced , trips will be faster and the pollution will be reduced .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
I am studying on the Literature and Language bachelor programme .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
In addition , it is more economical than owning a car .
When I was born , I weighed 3650 grams and I was 52 centimeters tall .
I like parkour because it 's really fun . I also like guitar and playing video games .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robots at a specific hour perform a show with instruments like a band .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
When Freddy began to sing , the kids screamed and they sang with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song . Bonny played the drums and Chica served the pizza to the children , This year the establishment closed because they found the body of a dead child .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
After tonight , I left the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
My name is Lorenza .
It is an amazing city , it is really fun .
NASA replied that it was a really amazing achievement that Rosetta left the solar system .
One more reason is that banks provide loans at a lower interest rate , which makes people buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves . Everyone wants to improve his life to make it better but how can we do that without doing anything ? We must start with education and health , which are the most important things to be better .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
Our great example of change is Germany .
After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In my city is very usual to find a lot of dog shit in the road .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
In the town hall , they care about the city center .
The town hall has created a group that works studying the tree s ' age to prevent further falls
Actually , there are many huge problems in our city just as there is no proper drainage system for it , nor any specific canal system through which we can properly clean our city .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
I would like to invite you to apply for an exciting job opportunity to spend your weekends working in my cafe .
Your position will be manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will be responsible for managing all levels and use your experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also , you will manage approx . 16 people and you will have a free hand to deal with them as you like .
We are looking for a salary range between $ 42 to $ 90 per hour , and only 2 days per week .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
Our address is 12st , Arizona , United States of America .
It is the capital city of turkey and it has a large area . There are a lot of people living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a different design than other cities .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , taught me how I should educate , for several years .
There are not many trees there and a lot of high mountains .
There is a lot that I 'm proud of in my life , but actually I do n't know what I 'm most proud of .
Three words that describe me really well are :
A thing that I would like people to know is that it 's not a good idea to wake me when I 'm sleeping .
When I learned to windsurf .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Most people say that using a car is more convenient than using public transport .
We are going to look for a romantic movie or a science fiction movie .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
The plot is well constructed , it becomes quite gripping from the beginning .
The main characters are very young and enjoyable .
This story develops a mixture of themes such as courage , family values , friendship and love .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long traffic jams damage the air .
On the one hand , that quantity of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have one or not .
Also , another improving measure might be increasing green areas in cities and towns .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strict .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my daily bread and , needless to say , after sharing precious moments with my lovely family .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
Above all , one has to learn to maintain sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
In today 's world , television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
online courses etc . Television is a very important medium . We can improve our language with the help of the television . Now we can see
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also . to the present world without television
Hello!I am a 32-year - old girl from Italy .
If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
The main reason for people not liking to travel by public transport is overcrowding .
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
Anyway , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have heard that in that month the organization is better than in July .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately that he had planned two weeks ago .
Then peter started , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave her a car key .
Sara was so amazed and hugged her brother and thanked him .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economic and cultural center , but also a city with a long history .
It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty , so it has a lot of ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
The Forbidden City , especially , is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in ancient China .
Building started in the Qin dynasty . Its purpose was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Although many transport providers are trying to eradicate this problem , it still remains .
Public transport can cause problems for passengers due to increasing fares .
People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
There was an old granny who had been beaten up .
We tried to give her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Then we tried to find help ,
On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police came and one patrol caught those men who did that to that granny and the other patrol talked to us .
I found out that the granny 's name was Rose and she had had an operation after the incident .
We were also happy , but in Michael 's head there were a lot of things .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
Travelling on public transport is cheaper .
Public transport is suitable for those who have no car of their own .
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Human life has changed a lot in recent years , and it seems that this will happen faster every day . Technology advances and the changes in our way of thinking are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
Finally , the kind of life that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of life , but this will be only to make more money and consume more and more . Also , things will be faster of waste to make people change their possessions more often and stimulate consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
Therefore , with a good UI design , many people will have a good user experience .
She dreamt about living in a big city where no one would know her .
Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
I have been following series of football events in the world at large .
With all that , I do have my favorite club , team and country as well .
My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although I am from Liberia .
They always buy talented players that will make the club improve tactically . People always say this ; " Barcelona does n't buy players " , it 's not like they lack money .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant and you never hurt yourself badly .
The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport , is ,
My favourite sport at the moment is walking , and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
I also like walking in public streets , gardens , clubs and on the shore . When I want to go anywhere , I do my best to go on foot .
I have liked this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about the good times when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
Because when we do a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy . That is happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should follow and which already demonstrate that nothing is impossible
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
It is an important thing to love or like a lot what we do , because that is the key .
In my opinion , this subject , sport , one 's favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
I love to go jogging in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport . I like to do a little of everything and I do n't refuse anything .
It was in Italy , in Bergamo to be precise .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
In December 2010 , Fikri was arrested by the police .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
There are many educational programmes which we can get benefits from .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
. Ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
All my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher wanted fresearch from them or the exams
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
A new mode of transport must be found .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
Not only will this solve pollution , it will also help us to get rid of obesity .
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
I did n't have any news about you .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and then we will travel around my country and we will become good workers .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
I was really comfortable in my bed and I could n't believe that someone had interrupted my calm .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
However , I decided to say yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
I closed the door hoping never to have to open it again , then I went to the bathroom and took a relaxing shower .
I like this sport because it is a simple healthy sport that respects my body .
A few years ago I took part in a programme called Christmas Drama .
In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
If they had told me to attend compulsorily I would have done so without any hesitation .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a simple person , but I lived happily .
My mother knew how I felt and she wanted to help me .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . It was a beautiful little monkey !
Since that moment , my life changed and now I go everywhere with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
In the world , a very famous sports festival is the Olympics .
These include many kinds of sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running , etc .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
Secondly , every country has its own martial arts history and culture , for example , kung fu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
In particular , I like karate and Kung - fu .
There is no special criteria , such as tall and strong muscles or gender .
These 2 sports improve basic human ability to reach the highest capability possible .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
They use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bird 's feather .
The aim of the game is to score the most points .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
The lack of sleep often makes me unable to concentrate in class .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is more fun .
go owling and he ' d been wanting to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor that I 've ever seen is Vin Deasel . He is an excellent professional and he starred in a great number of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , Bulletproof and other excellent films .
This is one of my favourite actors , because , when he is recording a film , he assumes his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
So Jenny , these are my two favourites film stars .
This topic is controversial these days . Should everyone take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university ?
Others think that if students take a year off studying it is unwise .
In my opinion , it greatly depends on an individual 's financial situation .
If you have money that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expenses ,
The technology and industry are developing very fast , so public transport has no future .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember Sophie .
Could you describe her to me ?
Anyway , I have never been a witness . What do I have to do ?
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
For this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
We should n't eat sweets and sugar .
The fact of using a car to travel , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you do n't you can cause an accident .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phones which have face - to - face communication , and transportation driven by solar energy .
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed important to reducing congestion on the road ; the traffic .
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or work long for it .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allows us to enrich ourselves .
Only by constantly following my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronger .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that contribute to or are made from materials that cause the greenhouse effect .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't run the marathon with you , because the distance is too great for me . I 'm not fit enough for that .
Besides , I am also good at dealing with people .
Best regards , and I look forward to hearing from you .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
The weather was fantastic . I love sunbathing and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
I 'm good at improvising games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
Today is the big day , the day of his presentation about acid rain and its consequences on the environment .
Peter had studied and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother would see him after four years apart .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality put in place regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
This facilitates classification of garbage and transfers each sort of rubbish to a specific place .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiatives which target cleaning up our village , and planting a lot of trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . In addition , to attract tourists to visit us . As a consequence , increasing the number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes various diseases .
Furthermore , this saves on the cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
The enemy thinks that the passion to run of Dan will decrease , but she does n't take into account , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his way .
Nowadays , the internet is used all over the world for many purposes .
In conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier ; life now is always connected to the Internet .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , in addition to tasting its exquisite oil .
I have liked swimming since I was young , and when I grew up , I told my mum that I wanted to compete in competitions .
Also , I remember my first competitions . I did n't win . I came 4th , but I was n't sad because I thought that the next time I would do my best and probably I would win .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
The beach at night is a good place for happen with your family .
If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
In the future , this tendency will continue and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
Taking the place of general networks like you find on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at individuals , businesses and society .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs . Hence , it has been considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , everyone can buy a lot of types of things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can buy souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatres and churches .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
There is n't anything special that I disliked , except maybe for the music which was used .
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , people believe in different perspectives of their way of life , but the majority of ones are totally utopian .
Everyone wants particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being . However , the real world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
We discover , in this context , special diseases caused by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , lack of safety , and so on .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
In the morning , we went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphins , cats , horses and many other animals . In the afternoon , we went on the roller coaster . I screamed at the top of my voice and called for help . Actually , I hate riding on roller coasters . We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games . At the end of the day I was running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other . She gave me a present and asked me to keep it for her .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
In the case of Internet learning , we can set one 's own hours of learning .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning on the Internet can be problems with the Internet connection .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist who , with his brother , founded the rock band , AC / DC .
He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
But if you research about what he has done for AC / DC , you realize that he was an important man .
But why did I write this article about someone who seems to be a simple guitarist . The reason is just one : the life of this man who one day just disappeared from the fans ' sight .
On April 2014 he was unable to give a performance .
Dementia is an illness that affects the brain ; people 's memories are lost . Malcolm does n't remember who the people around him are .
The video showed us dementia sufferers ' reaction to listening to AC / DC 's music .
Live you only have one life , today . Perhaps tomorrow you will lose everything .
I'm a 22-year - old Egyptian .
I kept playing basketball continuously for 4 years , till I went to secondary school .
Who brings us up ?
Of course not .
Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he was n't injured , but his friend Sam was unconscious .
Sam was visited but beside the shock , he only had some bruises .
He went with him to the hospital and in the end it was a success story .
She is an only child , so she does n't have any brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the things I have in common with her .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing . She has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... As you see , she is good at drawing .
Even if you do n't know how to swim , you will love it .
There are a lot of swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
People like cycling along the river .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June 6 to June 24 .
The last mistake that I made has to have been when I changed telephone companies , because , since I changed , I have had a lot of problems .
I have had to make a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
The company had to send me another telephone . That telephone turned out to be faulty too .
Since that moment , I 've had nothing but problems .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
You must n't play alone , but you must play with a team .
My first handball match was in class 5 .
On starting , I was really bored and I wanted to stop playing .
But when I understood how much happiness this game gives me , I started more running and training .
The trainer said to me that I was really good .
These words made me start more
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
About the rest of my family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends , I do love them so much . The first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other one is still alive . But I do n't feel that feeling of love towards my uncle . I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
About me . I like playing volleyball and I enjoy this sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
Look for a sport to make you feel good and your brain will always be refreshed , so that you can begin your day with any sport to make fresh and after that you can do any job with a refreshed mind .
The benefits of any sport make your health good , so we should do it . Just do exercise every morning to make your blood flow in your whole body .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
I like this game very much . It is a very useful game . It helps me to keep fit . I started playing basketball many years ago . I want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
The engineers needed help to construct the building . They called a professional to see what was wrong .
Then the professional said that the island has expose with the ocean .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
Then tourists went to this building to find jobs to earn money .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
This helicopter had humid .Then the helicopter started to rotate in the whole island . Then the helicopter sank in the water . Then the hurricane ended and the engineers started to distribute food and medicine .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influences on the nature of the student population attending universities and how this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issues .
The story is about five friends that begin investigating drug trafficking happening inside a school .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decide to discover where he is .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
The moral is about students not being naïve and being careful of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Places that you can visit : mountains , sea and lakes .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our quality of life .
Everything is possible as long as we make an effort .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
Also , the main drawback of cars is environmental pollution .
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dresses whereas , if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dresses .
You can have several dishes , such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
Well , I wish you all the best and that you find work .
I had been waiting for that day for a long time . It was my wedding day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I excitedly accepted .
These days , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he loves me very much .
The building of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compare it with the other restaurants in PIK .
The place has a private room and a karaoke room in one place .
The waiters who work here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are able to make their customers satisfied with the service .
After all the food is very tempting to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
What kind of risks they can run if they do that .
The countries attempt to develop the nuclear industry to produce more power .
Some people think nuclear power has great value to produce power compared to fossil fuels , such as coal and oil , which are not renewable energy .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
Immediately , I did some shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a tight black dress .
But they were in love and they decided that they would get married in 2010 .
Ann decided that she 'd try on her wedding dress
his bride before the wedding day .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
By plane , you rarely have problems with your luggage .
By train , you do n't always have room for your luggage .
I think travel by boat is one of the worst ways to travel if you get seasick .
For more than thirty years , in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with the typical cuisine of the coast of Málaga .
The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
This restaurant only has one little problem .
Improving human nutrition and agriculatural conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when they were unchanged .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
In particular , there are a lot of green areas . These makes good health .
The town has to do that and I think in England there are so many green areas all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that creates a good environment .
This movie is based quote unquote on a " true story " , but obviously director Michael bay known for the transformers franchise puts a lot of Hollywood into this movie . It 's about a bodybuilder named Daniel Lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his property , which obviously is not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventually the police get him .
It 's a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
It is a very beautiful T - shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
If you score a lot of points , you will win the match .
Generally , sports are growing our minds continuously .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student . No , we share with each other .
Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
One of the main advantages of family is the recognition you are given at a specific age . Children require special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family . For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education or job and not adapt to society .
Moreover , families play an essential part in protecting their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflects on their performance toward country , leading to effective , creative and useful civilians .
So the does n't go outside in the day , and in a room there can not be more than one candle at a time ; it has to always be dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house . There are " intruders " in the house ; Anne saw many times someone called Victor who " plays "

I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
So , we have actually done 8 projects since I joined and I had a good feeling through helping other people .
Now , there are over 180 members in this organization and the number is increasing .
We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , ways of life have been changing in many ways .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , we will need to change fast , to try to fix what we have broken and start to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwaiti schools . After that I went to Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine . I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
On the one hand , society is becoming increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat healthily .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingredients are very powerful , so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
It 's the day after and Jonas has stayed all night in the cave and in the cold .
After two long days , Jonas gets home safe and sound and tells everything about his experience .
And in the process of owning , we have moved so far ahead that a day will come when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing , there will be a time when each and every individual will be self - reliant and will definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commuting from one place to the other .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
But one day , two guys with quad bikes saw something wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " . They saw a dead body . They were scared and ran to their camp .
The other friends called the police .
The police came with a big investigation .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
They caught him and
after two days he confessed .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
Consequently , gorvernment has started to support and take care of public transport .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
A lot of toxic exhaust is emitted into the air .
How can we revive public transport ?
People are unpleasant because all of is is bad quality , so governments ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the price of a car is very low , so it is very easy to buy a car .
In the past , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for each of us .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to the music .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Nowadays , there is very little public transport . The general public prefer much faster and more convenient ways of traveling around . Though public transport is used in major cities to avoid traffic congestion , it is widely recognized that public transport is eco - friendly .
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
Many people say that public transport is not comfortable . That 's true . From my point of view , a bus is not so uncomfortable .
Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
In my opinion , public transport should n't disappear .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
Some people do n't have any awareness of the need for a good environment .
Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
In this way , we can see that their population have so much control and they know that affects them .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
My favourite sport is boxing , because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
My brother had won so many fights and when I saw him proud I wanted to try that .
Most people prefer large colleges to small colleges for their many advantages .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
I liked the wax museum the most .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . When were you last on a school trip ? Where was it and what did you see ?
Furthermore , I watch NBA matches on TV every day .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
A new substance , called CPH4 , destined to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a full bag was put into her stomach by illegal clinical surgery .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a university , to ask him what happens if a person reaches 100% of their mental activity or IQ .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to stand in long queues at metro or bus stations .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
Travelling by car is very bad .
Pollution is a global problem .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
The current system is not sustainable .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centuries .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
One day I decided to buy a newspaper .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't manage to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
Then , we got out of our car and saved Niall , then we fought with " Golem " and came back home .
These days , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenience .
Firstly , for long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airplanes ,
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
Nowadays , public transportation is available almost all around the planet . We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in continuous transformation .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choices like cars , motorbikes , buses , trains , but also , as we were saying , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
In conclusion , we are seeing a new tend in transport . Increasingly , they are faster and more developed , with the latest technology included , but in contrast , we find also a contradiction , as we found another trend for traditional transport which avoids pollution in order to respect the Earth .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because lifeguards earn more money than waiters .
Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lives . They are the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with unknown people , and this can lead to several issues including crimes .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
Public transport has a big role in transportation especially in large cities like the capital city of countries . Using a car sometimes causes traffic jams if everyone uses their own car . To avoid this , a good road network is needed . Also , the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
Finally , in the near future , most people will be using their own cars , because it saves a lot of time as compared with public transport and the time factor will be more important in the future .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
One of the many possibilities for making our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use trams , subways or boats , and for a long distance , they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main disadvantages of public transport , which make our lives uncomfortable , are time and place limitations , sharing the space with others , lack of free seats .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
At that point , someone invited sing to me , after school , they and I went to dinner and went to sing .
After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctant to get up and go to class .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on them is like wasting money .
In fact , in some overdeveloped countries maybe it will disappear , because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
The first item in my collection was an ABC book .
Sometimes , my family and my friends give me books as gifts .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
Elderly people are n't able to drive and always depend on public transport .
If public transport services stop , people who are not able to drive will be affected a lot .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As fuel prices are now coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever ; prices go up and down .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , and the impact will be unpredictable .
I think sport is good exercise for people who need to exercise . I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health : choose an interesting sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it will be fun and healthy for your physical constitution .
After the shower , he got his suit , but he had forgotten that he had n't done the ironing the previous day . Moreover , he did n't have any other ironed suits , so he did it quickly .
Does basketball have the fame that it deserves ?
According to the results of a questionnaire ( Houston inhabitants ) most of them play basketball to forget homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
It is the way I can unwind , because my studies are stressful .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the city centre opposite the station .
You will see it when you get off the train .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to find out about your service .
I think one of my favorite sports of all is athletics . I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be better every day than you were yesterday . It forces you to improve every time . Also , it is an exercise that helps your whole body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and helps you to have coordination .
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
I am not sure that mine is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could ever have wished for .
I am the eldest of the children , then after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi is 24 years old . And last is Joni , who is only 15 years old .
I used to live with them for 25 years in Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
The acceptable and not damaged severely sheets are supposed to be packaged and distributed , which means they will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
In contrast , other failed sheets will be destroyed and disposed of with band notes in a secure way .
It was Michael 's favourite .
Lionel was Michael 's best friend .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
I worked so hard , but really enjoyed playing .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
In approximately 1998 we can notice an equilibrium price at $ 2.75 and an equilibrium quantity at 23 billion packs .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
Moreover , our capacity for learning more languages seems to be really adequate . Unfortunately , while there are a lot of teenagers that are working really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
Hi Alex ! How are you ? I heard that you are going out with Mike !
Nowadays the public transport system is running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes . In the early 1990s , the public transport systems were the most popular transport system across the world because , most people did not have their own vehicles . But in the late 1990s , most people were able to buy their own vehicle thanks to many financial institutions which have various loan facilities .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
Some people prefer playing together , but there are also competitions between players .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we do to make life easier .
If I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is another opinion .
My family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and two brothers .
He is doing a Master 's in Turkey at the moment .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
But her boyfriend lived upstate and did n't have an airport he 's of city Because of that , she needed to travel by train .
She just packed a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
At first , I thought
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) . Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , special ink is used and images are slightly raised .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
There are no very big supermarkets near my home , but there is a nice one .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
You can see some store fridges around the supermarket for drinks and dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for ice creams . In one corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find what they need .
A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
It is clear that everyone is prone to making a mistake without even noticing .
He said bad words that he would regret saying . he went to his room . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I do n't like public transport .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
In my family , we travel in a taxi , because a taxi is fast and secure .
Comparing cars and buses , the car is more expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
The taxi is too .
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
He had a girlfriend called Sinha , who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
Our class has changed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming , and not least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
His excited students began going to their homes with this work , since they had only 4 days to fulfil their task .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
It makes me like an animal when i 'm standing and getting ready to fight . I 'm converted into the enemy . I 'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tries to stop me .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
I am from Spain , so my native language is Spanish .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
And today it is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversations with them , you need to know more than your native language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people know more than two languages and that 's great .
I think learning another language never has drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your brain . You never stop learning new things .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the same destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
I like neither dirty people nor dirty places .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
There is debate about whether everyone should have to do military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and makes people mature , whilst opponents claim that military service has effects on people 's studies and people should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every country requires stability and must be protected by strong armed forces for national security .
If a war or other danger threatens the safety of a country they can not get help from other countries immediately .
In particular , some countries with small populations have a policy that people need to do military service to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
Military service mainly improves physical fitness , but education might be completed better in school at that age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
So in the streets we always have a lot of trash cans .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to pay attention to the environment .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
So they are aware of the need to help the city achieve that .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
I went to the museum and followed all the clues and I found a broken sculpture .
I went to the address and when I got there it appeared to be an abandoned house .
Today is a very important day for his future .
The watch showed the time was 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw the very tall building where the interview place was located .
Peter , without hesitating , hugged the interviewer , who was a man about 40 years old .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
Please , write me a list with the words that I need for technical conversation .
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " . It is a very good restaurant .
First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
The atmosphere is also very good . It has live music with different bands .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
The pack has a cost of $ 350 per person .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of these shows are how people are paid to act in reality or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious family problems , where the only aim is to get a bigger audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist that try to educate people with the most up - to - date information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
I think in the future public transport wo n't exist because we will drive our own car .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
Time is valuable for everybody and nobody is bothered about money .
The traffic is very heavy nowadays , so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
Public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfortable to travel on .
Find your joy in " Scary Movie "
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " and was directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story is about a murderer who completes his mission : killed everyone that he hated .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Finally , your bravery can be increased after watching this film .
My wife likes to go out when she is free . She likes to visit touristic places .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
I could only oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know what surgery was like .
It 's proven that to learn a foreign language , you have to go abroad .
You can study hard for years , but if you are n't obligated to use English for everyday things , you wo n't become good at it .
Of course , studying in a foreign country also has disadvantages .
Despite that , there are more reasons to study abroad .
He lives in Prado so I have to take two buses and that is very tiring .
The names of my best friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela . We are strange friends . We are in 6º together and that 's when we became friends .
I play online with people from all over the world .
I was born in 1996 on the 31st of January .
I am applying for the vacancy in the summer camp .
Also , last summer I went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
We will research the market demand based on our core products , and produce high - quality products .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
All governments are increasing their policies and laws relating to this topic and they also promote new rules in the daily life of the population .
According to the general world laws about global warming , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give as an example how big cities around the world can reduce pollution more .
The town mayor has given the population a free bus .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should take public transport more often .
Firstly , hybrid cars are only allowed to be used during weekends . As a result of this , most people do not use their cars all week .
This attitude has reduced the enormous amount of smoke pollution from exhaust pipes .
As a result of this , the town looks clean compared to previous decades .
In addition to that , recyclable waste is sold and the money is given to the relevant person .
Thirdly , public toilets have been opened for the public to eliminate the habit of urinating in public places .
Town council not only encourage people to plant trees or gardens , it subsidises their green improvements .
Example , free fertilizers , water pumps , and pesticides .
In summary , people take many initiatives and are moving forward to have a safe and attractive environment and surroundings .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an English seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 . They are , respectively , an ice - cream van and an indoor public swimming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van were generally higher than those at the indoor swimming pool .
In the case of the ice - cream van , it sold most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reaching 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
It was a nice spring morning .
When she left , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We are used to travelling by car , and , in fact , every family has one .
On the other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in their own vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
In my opinion , public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
No one can deny that time is a big factor in our lives .
The world is changed by time .
It can never be regained . Even the most powerful monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
In my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are not many children , because they live in other cities .
My best friend lives in Madrid , but we always used to be together in her house or in my grandparents ' house .
You and I could see each other .
Secondly , equipment such as skilled machinists and metal plates have to be prepared for the next steps .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , they individually separate them into good and bad ones and then burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other places , while the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small town , and there are a few things that my town does for the environment : like recycling , for which we must know what material the things we throw away are made of , and put them in the right dumpster .
This is a small act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
In the big cities , they have begun to build green buildings , they use electric public transport in order not to pollute .
It chases ants and flies .
my first job was as a babysitter .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were born .
I hope to have answered all your questions .
I grew up in a one - parent family .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
I truanted and did not pay attention to my studies .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never gave up on me , and I finished my college studies , too . I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for being patient and exertion to me . Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we have got not so easily .
First of all , let me introduce my town . I live in Kabul , the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
The municipality of the town collects the garbage from the streets and roads and ships it to a
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child . My teachers were all native speakers and I always practised my English with them .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
They learn and understand English very well .
Cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very well and I cook several kinds of foods .
I look forward to your reply .
Yours Faithfully
One person likes going hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
The one which I like most is badminton .
Why is my favorite sport badminton ?
There are a number of reasons .
Second , playing badminton can activate your whole body , like hands , arms , feet .
play it with someone , whether just for fun or for a competition , my body feels so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you . Apart from being good for your health , it can also be a lot
of fun and you can play with family or friends happily .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing : discovering how wonderful playing a sport can be .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
I . I was very happy because it was my first competition .
Then as always , they played the Kazakhstan national anthem .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really special feeling .
The day before , there were the qualifiers , which I passed .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
I was really surprised and happy . I would never have thought that could happen !
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
In a few decades , people 's earnings and lifestyles have also changed .
People now buy cars and scooters according to their convenience and pocket .
Previously , people used to use buses , taxis , autos for going to offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Which was a time - consuming and obviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to another .
Since the world of today is a time - saving world , people do n't care about their pocket .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
This has a tremendous impact on other aspects of life .
The number of cars and motorbikes is the reason for heavy traffic everywhere .
The rate of road accidents has increased in a few decades .
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it is more comfortable to travel in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
It would be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and for countries as well , because we will save a lot of money .
The parents have to give education to the children and , obviously , love .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think this statement should say that public transport is going to exist in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own seat and in the winter your car is hot and you can also listen to the radio .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
On the other hand , public transport does n't pollute , but the car pollutes , so , for us , travelling by car is better than travelling by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better to travel by public transport than to travel by car .
The walls are green and blue . On the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos belonging to my brother .
There is a bedside table between two beds . On this there are the alarm clock and the books that we are reading .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room . In that room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and a globe .
Hello , my name is Habiba Hamdy . I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
My dream for when I grow up is that I will travel a lot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
But , these days , people think differently , and are starting to help the world and .
In the past , people bought things , and they did n't care how dangerous they were for the planet .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
To turn to , already people cook organic food with more natural products without chemicals .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
Finally , public transport involves more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , trains ) fares are increasing every year , and we do not face this problem with private transport .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have some dissimilarities in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
When the examination was over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her her exam was .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
Well , weddings in my country are usually celebrated in a church .
The answer is simple ; this museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involves two teams .
Being a two team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
Buying cheap footballers has wrecked the Arsenal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap players .
Hello ,
It is one of the best exercises for anybody who wants to get thin .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
They have to hit the cock over the net .
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with people from other countries .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
In the streets it is a little warm .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago there was heavy rain .
He learns how to compose and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
The teacher says that Michael is gifted and talented .
Meanwhile , Michael is also a sensitive guy .
After that , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
It is a commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Nowadays , with technology , we have different ways to get around , like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it means there is no future for public transport .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
Motivation for me was a 15k race .
But I had never before worked out by jogging .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
I enjoy my favourite sport because I feel better after jogging , I think better and I meet lovely people because of running .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others , so go and see that movie .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
This sport is an individual sport , so you win alone and do n't beat a team , but if you play tournaments in pairs the one who wins is the team .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis teacher , who will introduce you to tennis and you will learn the shots , including forehand , backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous players in the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournaments , including the four slams : the Australian Open , the US open , the Roland Garros and Wimbledon .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's in the team .
When you play in a tournament you play a lot of football and you also spend a lot of time with your friends .
When you go far in a tournament , you have to play a lot of games .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's fun to play it .
If you do n't think it is a fun sport , you should not do it .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
I have also been a member of the association of tourism and ecology since I was 10 years old .
But , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
I have something to tell you .
So I do not agree with this affirmation . In my opinion , travelling by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
-Oh , erm- He gets a little bit red in the face- I … erm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face goes totally red .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
But these thoughts of l … lo … love , can make me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- Haha!- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it was my first kiss too , and I liked it . She smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm gon na die .
- I 'm gon na give information to Lucresia .
- The prince of Blue City . He is very handsome , and his family has military studies , so he is the second most perfect guy in the world .
-These dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and wearable for everyone - explained Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
When I am running , I feel relaxed .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination all of a sudden and many more .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement it says that public transportation will be abandoned by many people , in my opinion , the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
Even the grass ca n't live on earth .
Thought , but most people will not be members of the team who are alive .
Cause there was lots of damage , but they did n't take responsibility .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
All about me
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , right in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
The decor is not too modern , but not too classic . It has a comfortable atmosphere .
The menu is very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
In the gym there are many people .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
For me , the solutions to these problems are easy .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I look forward to your positive answer .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
It 's my pleasure to join you here . My major is actually not relevant to Social Sciences . I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Of course , everything always have two sides .
Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes . I have to spend a lot of time finishing everything before I start studying .
When I first lived here , I used to call my family and complain about life here .
However , university life has many conveniences .
Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I nearly ran out of money and I was really worried , so I have to spend money sensibly .
Living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to deal with without family , and you can become a good person with many good characteristics , such as confidence , independence , friendliness .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
Four vampires had been murdered .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
Accompanied by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
While Michael goes out , a red light appears in John 's eyes .
Another reason is that you can listen to the music that you like in your car .
I have a lot of interests , but my favourite is volleyball .
It 's very large and has special lights in the Greek performers ' room mainly .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
The public transport is slow and has got a lot of people .
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , the story I 'm going to tell you happened .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " You can also do so " . Today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for children 's birthdays , and Sofia will tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
I looked through the windows and I could see a suspicious shadow .
When Michael saw me , he opened the door , but straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
And now , if one day I do n't have any practice , I feel bored .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have good ability , you can compete in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city . If you 're interested in badminton , come and enjoy yourself .
In addition , regarding clothes , young people wear a dress , skirt or jeans .
Everyone wears what he wants .
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
We were going to Gdańsk to see the new stadium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
Sadly our car broke down ... at a big and busy intersection !
We stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
My father rang friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
We had to take a risk and went to the nearest market .
For this reason , we did n't use a motorway .
Fortunately , we returned home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
It is thought that Chinese shops are the cheapest by far .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to furniture .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothing can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on those clothes and you will have great fun although those clothes went out of style many years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spend too much if you do n't need to .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
It is believed that the most important one is the culture barrier .
Because of different cultural backgrounds , the speaking styles of international students who come from different countries are different .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as being able to do two things at the same time .
I take care of them and it makes me feel like a useful person .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
In the evenings we could tell them horror histories . Also , we could play with gestures .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they could do landscape painting .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
The game of gentlemen is my favourite game . Yes , I mean cricket .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its losing its popularity with the younger generation .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout this game .
It 's my project .
So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
When we have a meal , we ca n't eat before our parents and older people start to eat .
We have many stamina foods . I think dog meat is a better stamina food than another meats .
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
So , I have eaten it every summer for 12 years .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it every day ! if I used it every day , I would improve in a short time !
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
On the one hand , I 'm for progress . On the other hand , I hope that the new will not destroy the old .
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I can not agree with the statement that there is " no future for public transport " given that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
But if you leave the city and travel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
Everything is delicious and very tasty , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways . I try a different meal every time I go there .
Finally , it is not expensive at all .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite . Just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but yours , as you have control of your life not anyone else .
I read this announcement today .
I would like to play with the children , to do sport and dance with them .
Apart from us . there is also a large amount of wildlife .
All of us need air , water and food .
A great number of buildings stand on the land ,
even though the place probably should belong to animals .
Our flats and houses make the other animals lose their homes , and it leads to environmental deterioration .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SCHOLARSHIP TO STUDY MEDICINE IN RUSSIA . HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
MY PARENTS AND I FEEL PROUD OF HIM .
This are provided for people who want to go to a place that is not too far away .
And it raises another question : morality .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
It makes a father or mother 's life more convenient !
And let 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
I would really enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , teach them things and do sport with them .
I can work really hard if it 's needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am a suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and looking after children .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
He wants to fix the problem , but his father says to him ,
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
And there is a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
It gives me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in my future career .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
It offers many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , chicken , seafood , and if you want something different , you will find it there . It is suitable for my class because it is different from any other restaurant .
In my city there is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
It is also important because , during the Civil War , General Franco lived there for a week .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
As an extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbed version .
Every morning , a special truck cleans the roads and pavements .
The advance of technology in recent years has been awesome .
Computers did n't have any programs and as a result were limited , boring and tedious .
These days , computers are multifunctional .
In my last week , I went to Florida with my family .
Then we went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
My brother went to the NBA league and saw the Arenas vs Orlando match . And now I am going to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
Finally , I think that the most used mode of transport in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling between cities , the car will remain the most used .
It was really enjoyable and fun .
Nowadays , more and more people have their own car .
by the time I have studied for a degree in journalism .
The dream of every person that plays this sport , is to make it a profession as well as a hobby , but very few people make it .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
This undergraduate work along with diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of industrial pharmacology and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceuticals as a scientific career .
I am glad to tell you that I am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I would appreciate it if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Many people think that parents are responsible for the bad behaviour of young people and they should be punished for that .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
It is a time when children must choose which people are good or bad , and which way they will go in a difficult situation . For example , will they drink alcohol or will they have fun without any stimulants ?
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decisions must be taken by their children .
The existing Great Wall was mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall has a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
What is difficult is that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
My dad told me to do my best and if this semester goes well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need one .
Scientists try to make people 's lives easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that makes people not move and get more fat .
Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
But if you have a lot of money you can go and buy something you really need .
I do n't know my name . I do n't know my age . All I know is that I want to be a great woman . I want the world to hear my voice , to prove that I can do it . I can do anything . I am not weak . I have woman power .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As you know , my hobby is going to the movies , so you can image how happy I was when I got this job .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael was walking beside a beautiful lake .
After that , Michael decided to bring it home because the frog was very ill .
It was a hot , sunny day . Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
Suddenly , he heard a hihg - pitched scream .
Finally , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for helping them .
The person I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player who , in my opinion , is the best of all time .
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
t all started when I found a book on the bus .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Nowadays our world is fighting every day against different problems . One day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmospheric conditions , or many other problems .
It is known that in the future there will come a day when any kind of unrenewable resource will run out .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Cristina really likes dogs and she is very pretty .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to listen to English music .
There are 6 people in my house .
I 'm interested in one sport ; football .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some equipment for football and practise with your friends before matches at home or in the playground for two or three days .
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay overnight in your own car .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons causing global warming and air pollution .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
For these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Unfortunatelly , in a horrible night , the couple 's house is invaded by a Satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Even the priest doesn ' t know how to help the unhappy familly .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the school gym .
The second problem is about that some apparatus are not working well because the school hasn't done maintenance a since long time ago .
For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the school 's machines .
The world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind . As a consequence , it caused global warming , which is the most important global problem . It does n't matter to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has made in 2 years .
However , separate bins for different categories of rubbish are not provided .
As there are different kinds of materials , rubbish , some are recyclable and some are not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , the population will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There will be on other planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside enormous domes .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
I hope that in the future there will not be any wars caused by the economic crisis .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , people usually use their own private car .
This has some advantages , such as it being more comfortable and faster .
Sometimes , private transport is cheaper if you go with other people .
On the other hand , private transport is damaging for the planet and we must take care of the planet . We can help to prevent the pollution of the environment if we take public transport , which does n't pollute .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
What is more , he is a good husband and a good father to his children .
One of his interesting films is about a musician , and it was popular between 1980 and 2000 .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organizations , surveyors , loss assessors etc .
To inform people by running awareness campaigns .
To provide insurance at nominal prices , and making claims should be easy . Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
The can play an important role in it .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers took me with them to the club and I enjoyed it when I watched them .
For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
Moreover , soccer helps the human body to be very healthy , because when someone plays soccer , his body becomes strong .
Finally , I like playing soccer because , like me , most of my friends play soccer a lot every day and that makes me love it so much .
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah . They were very interesting . My favourite was : " The Book Thief " . I read it for school , but I had already seen the film of this book .
I usually wake up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
I was hesitant but later decided to go .
We had been told earlier that Abul kaka had got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office . Nonetheless , the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
So I was feeling very anxious in case the car broke down on Aricha highway .
I do n't feel comfortable on highways for many reasons .
Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
People humiliate me in many ways because I do n't earn any money .
I keep a cool head and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm and planned to return to Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
That day I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
The crystal clear and mild sun is a great favorite of mine .
While I was listening to Noman , I was discerning that I should question more .
I fell asleep as soon as we crossed Jhitka bazar and when I woke up , we had crossed Tora Bridge .
Then we set off for Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from one place to another by car is much more convenient than public transport .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
suddenly , a krav maga class started in a gym close to my house .
I did not think twice .
My classmates and I along with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
Watching the film , we had the possibility to see the characteristics of Boccaccio 's main characters and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion , the film was very well made : the registers of the film ( there are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : love in every situation .
The scenery in the film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I recommend this film to all of my friends .
In the past century , we have seen lots of changes in the world .
When it comes to change , we can think of what in our lives is still inconvenient and could probably change .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
These days , people are educating themselves by watching the television .
When Michael woke up that morning he smelled a strange smell in the air . He did not know what what the source of that strange smell was but , in his nose , he received a kind of sign something bad had happened .
Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
what is that ? " he thought .
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes is an increase of glucose in the blood , There are two types , first Diabetes Type 1 which is present in children , the patient needs insulin every day . Also , this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insulin released by the person 's immune system .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
Many people think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
If they planned to travel by public transport , people would walk to the bus stop and get off the bus and walk for necessary thing .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
Please record your message and send it to my email address f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th evening .
I know it 's short notice but hope you guys will support me .
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
It 's a team sport . The team is made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
Some people say that basketball is only for tall guys ,
but it is n't true . In the A league in Italy , we have various players who are not very tall ,
Just find a ball and a hoop and play it .
then practice does the rest .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants to climb in Scotland .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted me again , so I did n't ignore him .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a mini - vacation .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to do my Paris puzzle with my sister , which had been less than half done for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished it a year ago .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
In addition , it is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citizens .
In my opinion , no one should come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
In particular , in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it will cost so much money to buy the tickets if the family is large .
If any problems arise , i I go to my parents and tell them the problem , and they solve the problem .
There are my role models . Sometimes we go to the tour programs , it programs . Those are very happy moments .
My mammy tells me a story at night .
One day , a S.H.I.E.L.D agent was attacked by a ghost .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
It is during this moment that I get to talk to God .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appears to be wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
Maybe this sounds a bit crazy , but any solution will be good , we must only make our minds up to be able to look across .
As they say in the English proverb " travel broadens the mind " . In summer you can switch off from your daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I haven't decided as yet where I will spend the summer .
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
She works at a language school at the local university .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest with their hand .
She was so scared .
She tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefully beside her .
She could n't open her mouth to say anything at all .
She reproached me for not waking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
They think they really opened their eyes and woke up since it is so vivid and detailed .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is in the room , and the light is off .
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
In the last few days , I and my group did some experiments for our project .
How are you ? I have just received your letter .
I think that you can to come to my country if you want , because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look on the internet . You will see different cities of this country and you can choose the best .
Barcelona is big and there is a lot of industry , so there are a lot of jobs .
Also , Madrid is a nice city . You can to find everything that you need .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
If you do n't like Spanish food , you can go to a restaurant with food from another country , but I know you love it .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
I hope you come here .
He picked up the keys and quickly left the house .
As he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
You should be able to have a great experience .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
He uses a rule for debates : proposition + result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
Always in front of your audience .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
A debate is combat .
But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter had a bit of luck . In fact , his father , Jack , had just come back from work , so he could go to get the milk and giving him a lift .
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
I do n't know why , it 's always happened to me .
I make many mistakes in every story I write . I use the wrong tense .
Why " du " ? Yeah ...
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
hope you are fine . Please know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work here .
They are so kind , friendly , and stressed because they have a lot of problems nowadays . The level of poverty , the standard of living , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially young people ; they are likely to become more independent people .
To conclude , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to do military service .
However , the effects may be different , depending on the duration .
I really like antiques , even though there is not much to look at .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
In my city , we do n't have a regular policy of care for the environment .
Consequently , the streets are always dirty .
Personally , I prefer to have a clean street .
The favorite sport of many people is football , whereas my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twelve years old and these days I still love this sport .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
Every sport focuses on some parts of the body , but basketball is the most complete sport .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get a point or have a bad day , because the other players can sympathise with you .
Turning , in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
In particular , fake news spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how they make use of the opportunity .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
Now that is an interesting question . We can watch anything from news to Catfish the TV show . In the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter . The main types of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn . Others may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning , e.g. we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert aired on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come across otherwise . For example , I have been able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambient lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerised system can read different road surfaces and adapt it s driving .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
The 3 types of music were even known in 1963 .
And after that , everybody started to change their type of music .
Then music changed to multimedia .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs could reduce danger and technical problems on the track and we should reduce the long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other leads to the huge production of war weapons , converting the blessing nature of science into critics .
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , we have bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
I consider buying a car the best option , so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to doing exercise , then competing in sports will encourage competitors to make an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
In the future , adults that are able to obtain more achievements and be more responsible , and you can have a good social life if you compete in or do sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of competing , because competitors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
But , some people do not think like this and take it more easy .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
The aim of this report is to outline what shopping facilities there are in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
Although our town is quite small , there are a wide variety of shops , such as clothes shops , sports shops , toy shops or book shops .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the world and you can have fun with a party or dress up in a costume .
Second is to prepare metal plates using qualified machinists .
When one side is printed , they raise the images slightly to make the opposite side colored .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
First of all , Television has less viewers nowadays .
Most people turn to Internet websites or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Most people watched the news , movies , or TV shows on television .
But these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depends on how you look at it .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I think that a complete sport is swimming for most people .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litter away wherever we are .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , because of too much fast food and an unhealthy lifestyle .
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little notice on the food can force people to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to take action to help the environment .
To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
In addition , the issue of water is another big problem .
One basic solution for this is to try not to take a shower for so long but to take a shower with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
For example , organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory and so can the glass .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to play our part in dealing with this global problem .
But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house of Williams Agers and finds the crown in the hill .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve the quality of public transport .
No doubt travelling by car is quite a lot better than going by public bus .
Every day , work stressed me and by the end of my shift I was so tired .
My grammar and spelling are weak .
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
I will start with old vehicles . If we do n't do any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some countries , you can use the underground ( metro ) . It is more advanced than old types , like bus or taxi . The underground is faster and cleaner and .
About pollution . It is a big issue in public transport . time if you try to fix the engines of public transport , that will be expensive , because with time the lifetime of this engine will come to an end .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job . He looked at all the advertisements but he never found the one he needed .
Michael thought that it was time to do something .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a video games shop , so luckily for him there was a job available at the Play Station store .
The difficulty is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me . I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurt me .
The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
For all rules there are exceptions .
You need to discover who is your best friend . As you go through life , you will learn who is who .
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important crossroads between the south and the center of Spain .
This is an old castle from the 10th century and the style is Arabian .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the Spanish war of independence .
The French army destroyed it before going back to France .
These days , the castle has been restored and has a history museum . It also has a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
I live in a small village in countryside with only a few people .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changed . We did n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing us , we did n't see each other , but when we had grown up more , we met on the weekends and sometimes were upset about some problems that we had .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
For this reason , I think that friendship is such an important thing in life .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
The population is growing so fast , we need public transportation . It is important .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that is happening to us , allowing us to interact with the whole world , so we can get to know cultures , monuments , etc .
It brings us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries and find a job with the highest salary .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
They asked a lot of questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
I hope that you are having fun like me .
They paid me a lot of money and I was able to buy a lot of dresses , jeans , shoes , books and make - up .
I saw the new Disney film , " Inside out " and I ate a lot of popcorn !
Looking forward to your answer
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programme from the government , such that if they cut the of every house by 50% , city halls will get more money from central government .
With reference to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Awaiting your prompt amendment .
It leep me in a positive mood .
I can see a lot of scenery in a short time . I can buy goods along the road .
Buying a good bike is the first to do when you start to cycle .
Cycle one or twice a week .
In some cases , you could have an accident , but that 's not likely .
Anybody can do this sport .
Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th in the local newspaper .
However , families that do n't have good communication do n't have a good life .
Nowadays , the option of broadening the mind while traveling is very common .
I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun . You also learn about other cultures , historical facts , you also learn to respect other people and their customs .
Besides , you see new worlds and their ways of life and that helps to open your mind , to see the world in another way .
In conclusion , I think that it is the best way to open your mind . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
I hope to see it around the world . Public transport is something we can not do without or replace with another thing .
Cars will be safer and speedier than now .
way to move from one place to another .
There is no word to describe it .
On the other hand , it could be complicated , but nobody complains .
Where we were able to visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
In addition , we were able to visit other parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island belonging to the cruise . We went to the beach and played so many games .
I went to an awesome concert of points of view and I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert by the Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
The concert began at 20:00 and a lot of people came .
Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their music and give you a good feeling .
On the stage they move very well and know how to give pleasure to the public .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
I heard that you really have a lot of work activities now .
OMG , I can ' t stop imagining it still .
Kevin Heart is in a difficult situation because he is nothing at all what this man expects him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time until everybody has a car .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
We can stop and do some mental arithmetic and we can see the large amount of money we spend each year .
It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I know what I am talking about .
I am part of the new generation who in the future will use cars and the public transport will disappear .
Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
Nowadays , many accidents happen when people are driving their cars .
The young people feel happier .
The author claimed that the business dropping is caused by the increasing number of skateboard users .
Likewise , the skateboard users brought a lot of garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , there is a contradiction in the argument .
This is contrary to the author 's assertion .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
Furthermore , the products for sale in the stores might not meet customers ' needs .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors that affect business in the plaza .
When my sisters are married they have one or two children at most . I think the Egyptian family has become smaller with the passage of time .
Cocaine is the most dangerous addiction .
Finally , the consequence of cocaine is death . If you inhale cocaine all the time or a lot , you will die prematurely .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
Yeah , first time is OK .
Ultimately , public transport will be negligible in the future .
There are so many reasons that could affect the public transport system .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
Finally , the public transport system is not always safe .
To whom it may concern
I am looking forward to your answer .
We enjoyed swimming in the sea , sunbathing , having a barbecue and seeing the sunset .
However , compared to the line for the indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably larger .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one . I was scared , I yelled and screamed , looked and looked , but I had no success .
Suddenly I felt a warm hand touch my shoulder and very slowly turned , but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day - to - day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
I also hope to meet a group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable shared memories of student life .
I was 7 years old when I played it for the first time .
We were happy .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
I ca n't give you much advice , but one thing I know , team work is the most important thing in this game .
To begin , everything is very difficult here .
In the first place , my country 's politics are bad , and people have no work .
I wish you lots of luck here .
For one , a show broadcast on television may enlighten us and give us some enlightenment .
Teleplays are not just for fun ; they can have a deep meaning . A short story tells big , just like a useful book .
So , why ca n't television educate us ?
For another , there are many different types of programs which can broaden our views ; they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk shows and so on .
This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing with .
It also includes a huge car park , so you can park your own car for free .
No No longer do they have to solely depend on public transport .
Though public transport is cheaper and one could get to know many people , and increase one 's network .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere that it does n't pass through .
At those times , a car is convenient to use .
These days , houses are very different , but in the future houses will be
The future houses will be different not in terms of architecture , but in terms of functionality .
The film that I selected stars Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well - known director Stanley Kubrick .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
In addition , I spend my free time doing Yoga or cooking good meals for my family .
I have all her collected works at home and I enjoy a lot having a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals ; with Peter and all of them .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
This Saturday , I started a new book by Francine River , the book is called The Warrior . I haven't finished the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
Nevertheless , I believe that technology will make progress in the future .
For all these reasons , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
Also , there are some well - known brands ready to give a special prize if you buy a souvenir after 8 pm .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and then one of the two teams kicks it .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net using only your foot .
Then , researchers found out that Pal Enger , the most famous art thief in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wanted 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norwegian government said no .
Finally , the Norwegian police got the painting back thanks to a police investigation .
In particular , I am highly skilled at welcoming and directing customers .
I also have problem - solving skills .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they will prove me to be an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
Wasting time is a huge issue in our lives . A lot of knowledge is related to time , such as history , education and health .
We discuss a special topic about ‽time . This famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you do not cut it , it will cut you " .
On the other hand , some people let time control their lives .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
Imagine how you would live if you did n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
But this changed after my brother arranged with me to organize our time .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
I 'm a hard - working person and I like children .
In the workplace I 'm a responsible person , I am never late .
My experience of this job is extensive .
My favourite activities are out in the open air .
I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is quicker .
Firstly , personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the security features on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarkets .
After sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it uses special ink , and prints colors on both sides , and images are slightly raised .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
My favourite sport is football . I like it so much . It means a lot to me . It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
The whole world gets together to support their favourite teams & the boys play it in the streets together .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
The better I can perform the more I can earn .
I 'm writing to you with great news .
I want to tell you about the concert which I went to last month .
The people of my city are working to keep it clean .
They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
They also have a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents accompany their grandchildren and a red deck painted with some dolls that say ,
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
Possibly , we will live in space or underground .
It could have flowers .
But I think that not many things will change .
They wo n't look like big white balls .
A variety of negative impacts appear as a result of rapid urbanization .
Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
However , urban flooding keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure fulfils the stormwater - control needs in some areas .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
Our mistakes make us better than before . If in life we did n't make any mistakes , we would n't succeed . That 's why mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistakes improve us .
But on the other hand there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
This article is about what I think about the efficiency of public transport .
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
I am of the opinion that more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I could hardly wait for my 18th birthday .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
It is common to see parents having issues with their kids because of this kind of commercial .
One example is what happened to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
At school , I learned to cook and to wait on tables .
In another job before , I worked 8 hours per day .
I did a one - week internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw how a venture like this works and you wo n't have to show me the whole job again .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come punctually every time .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first day at school , and there he is captured by a man .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumerism and lack of awareness about waste management .
Bearing in mind that society is also changing , people will tend to choose a place of work which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
Now Nowadays , nobody has enough time to spend with family . Instead , they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
Also , for low income families , who could n't afford to buy new cars , public transposition will help them to survive .
Hello , I like people and children and I like to play and have fun with children . It 's very cool .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use public transport and private transport shows that the former can save money and time but they are also much more relaxed than people who use private transport .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
But today , things are changing and technology plays a significant role in our lives . The automobile industry increased its vertical and having a car has become a necessity rather than a luxury .
A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
The first reason is none other than the generation gap .
Parents often compare their children to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
Therefore it is important that we should think about this problem .
There are a lot of different types of sports but one of them is the most popular in the world : football .
However , football is very competitive .
The best three teams in the national league can take part in the champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
These days a lot of children wish to be professional players and they practise this sport all the time and everywhere to improve their technique .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Football is great fun and you can play it anywhere with anyone .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers can not replace humans , because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
And it is going to be this way for all eternity .
The actors ' performances are sublime , and they make you feel afraid throughout the film .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
This confirms " The Exorcist " as a great film .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or anywhere that is too polluted , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels . In the morning , a lot of people go on foot to work or to school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
Travelling by car is convenient , but for most people , public transport is very important and much needed .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rampant bear holding in its left arm , on the left shoulder a golden ax , under two silver starlets .
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and it 's fun to go out and drive with your friends to a beach or maybe a BBQ party .
I hope that my country becomes a great country and better , and I hope to get married to someone who I love .
I have been travelling with both for years , and I reckon everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
Richard 's family lives opposite .
The rapid advance of information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
It influences customer behavior relating to banking services .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know how soon they 'd returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had evaded the police before that , but she did n't have anything in the car .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was telling her any lies , and her mom told her that she promised that was n't a lie .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
This week we are flexible and could come over from Thursday to Saturday , and only in the evening the days before .
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
Nowadays , I like to do other sports : tennis , basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
Finally , I recommend this sport for children in order to have a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for alcohol and drugs for a while .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Hello friends , welcome to Puerto . Here we have a lot of shops .
We have a very nice shopping centre .
Will we be able to compress ducts manually ?
Do we have to buy a special new machine ?
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
The most important thing is , there would be heavy traffic on the roads and the traffic would move very slowly .
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
I always have a lot of energy .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
I worked on sport events as an organizer .
I look forward to a response and please feel free to contact me .
The city has its own public transportation system and waste management system .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
Trees in the parks are not sufficient according to the requirements of our city .
It give shade , shelter to animals , and purifies the air .
These waste materials are processed in an environmentally friendly way .
" The Others " is a film that is about a family that lives in a house and in this house many strange things happen .
The problem is that the mother started to hear many weird noises and her sons were not making them , so who was responsible ?
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
Then many things happen , and then they discover that the servants were not the ghosts .
I do not agree with what journalists do , because , to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who had done many performances , I would not like to be pursued by journalists every hour of the day .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
He has short , light - brown hair and dark eyes . He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He loves his job as he is patient when doing his job . he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laugh .
My family are my best friends .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
So , if we still do n't do anything new , our country will still be unattractive .
Everyone prefers to have his / her own car , so the future of public transport is very dark .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed as soon as possible .
There we can eat many types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
The other chart is about employer support . Under 26 years old is the highest because it is almost 70% , the second highest is aged 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% ; the lowerst is 35% and the age of the group is 30 - 39 years old .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
Dear head teacher ,
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
Furthermore , going on field trips gives students a chance to try things for themselves .
When I was eighteen years old , I left home .
I lived in a hall of residence for two years .
We usually eat home - made food .
At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
He thought about how he could solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go walking through it every day .
There are so many animals and when you are quiet , you can see a deer or a fox .
Restaurant .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
What was the reason ?
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
He remembered two years ago when he had been working and he decided to return home early . While he was on his way home , he saw his girlfriend with another guy . They were hugging .
This morning , he had not gone to work and he was sitting in a pub drinking beer , when a girl came to him . He knew her , she was Abigail .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered how he met her on the bus . Maybe she had always been the woman of his life . He looked at her eyes and smile he wanted to ask her whether if it was not too late to start to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year , because Norovirus infected me ! At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I took some medicine I would be fine .
I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
Though everything was depressing , I still had a wonderful winter vacation with my family . We went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族 ) to visit its blooming cherry blossom . ( I do n't know its variety ~ is it from Japan??XD ) The cherry blossom was very beautiful but there were so many people .
We will review their performance in 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
The company also reserves its right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
When this phenomenon occurs , most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming more frequent every day .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleagues or friends . This mode of transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we finish work we can go directly home .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
My country is a very interesting place . We have a lot of ancient and mystical places .
You can travel to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and other historical cities .
I think you could n't work in my country , because it 's illegal for foreigners .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food . After that , we went for a walk on embankment .
Hope . Hope to hear from you soon !
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
It is situated inland .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the local people clean and take care of it .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidy .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
On top of that , these machines only worked when you wrote an order to the computer .
Visually , the colors on the screen were black and green .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finally , I can say that with the passage of time we change the way we see the world , evolution comes into play , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them continue as they are .
Journalists follow you and they do n't allow you to live like normal people .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close relatives and friends .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots . Everyone deserves what they want .
My opinion is the opposite of the one expressed in this composition title .
Every day I take public transport .
One problem with cars is the high price of fuel .
is to use public transport .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job . People of all ages need to work in summer camps . My name is Patrick . I am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
I would be really very proud to work with you . You will see my wonderful lunch and dessert . Please give me this job .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
In addition , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
In addition to that , it hasn't got a driver room .
Have you ever had this kind of experience ?
When I was in elementary school , I took part in a speaking contest , but I failed , and I was broken - hearted .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
Eventually , I was third in the contest .
One reason for the change may be due to the lifestyle that people have .
Whereas our style of food has changed a lot .
That 's the reason why we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to doing .
My opinion of self - employment
I never ever wanted to be self - employed .
Nowadays , the number of car owners has been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
Now the traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this using the public transport system as much as possible .
But now using public transport is seen as something for people of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many ways , especially for people with obstruction .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that if you want to play tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not wait till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
But , what about sharing a ride ?
Riding a horse is an old - fashioned way but still interesting .
Public transportation is excellent ; you save money , take care of the environment and make friends .
My mouth is dry and has an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still spinning slightly and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
Despite that , we started to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
If it is very cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is very hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a lighweight vest and sunglasses .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
It is convenient to travel by private car everyone can afford it , so that everyone has a private car nowadays . Some people suggest private cars are going to replace public transport .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for the future of humanity , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
it was 4 am and she had no answer .
Alison felt desperate . She noticed that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone had picked him up . She picked up the phone and she called all his group of friends . Nobody knew anything and now they were scared .
She got into her car and looked for her husband all over their small city , Pentonville . After half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
Nowadays , there are many types of transport in the world : bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else . I always use the bus in the city .
If you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than other modes of transport .
On one hand , public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can move around the whole city .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you are in a hurry .
In conclusion , public transport is very good and if it disappears it will be a big problem . It is true that sometimes you need private transport , but apart from that , public transport is used a lot by people of all ages .
Transportation is very important in cities and villages as well as in sub - lines .
Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
Any Anyway , in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provides all the information about routes they follow and give an idea to passengers about the place .
Some Sometimes it may be very expensive due the fares .
I like new challenges to improve myself .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because I 'm qualified for this job , I have the requirements that are requested to apply to work here .
If you choose me , I comitted with myself to comply with everything , working in a timely manner , because that is how I am .
First I would like to introduce myself . My name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport that I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like this sport very much because it must be played with a group of people and is more fun than other sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
Currently , I play in the first division of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
Last year I gave some of my sister 's dolls to a charity .
I 'll eat better . I'll walk more . I'll do good things and speak more with my friends .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frequently , because this type of transport is less expensive , more reliable and even more environmentally friendly than travelling by car .
On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
My trust in future technology is so enormous that I hope there will be new environmentally friendly and cheaper ways to travel around our world .
To illustrate this , when we use renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future and our children 's future .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
Many wars start because people do n't know or respect other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about other people 's beliefs if we are to live with them .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't stop .
Currently , a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
Lima is one of the cities with the least road culture in the world .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
In addition , public institutions are promoting this and also private companies create advertising to increase awareness .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , did not have a plan to design its public roads and highways , and it has only been improvising to build them without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metro .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , will improve our reality .
I believe public transport will have a future , because this transport is really necessary for people .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and those cars produce a lot of fumes and the natural world is dying . If we do nothing , the natural world will disappear .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
To this end , it proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
As he jumped down the stairs , wings flapping across Cairo .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is quite big and it is so green .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
Transportation is not an issue , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stops .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it because it is the best way to lose weight and improve your health ; better than medicine .
They have a long tradition dating back to the 18th century when Vungtau was a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
Compared with local shops , products ' prices in the shopping mall are considerably higher than those in local shops , but it offers a wider variety of products .
My hobbies are meeting Friends and hanging out with them or playing basketball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
I highly recommend anyone to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they will enjoy it very much .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury object , not as a mode of transport .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
Some countries have a good communications network and people use then mainly because public transport is cheaper than the car and quicker .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
My name is Afsaneh . I 'm from IRAN . I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
It means Tuesday night of week and takes place on the last Tuesday night of the year . On this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness ( yellow color ) and you give me your healthy sign ( red color ) and eat some special foods .
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
We gather around the table on this day and wait for the spring in the last moments of the year .
When the new year starts , we hug and kiss , wishing each other happy new year and presents are exchanged .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
There are so many educational programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
I could start whenever you like .
I worked as an assistant chef in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in another restaurant in London , but I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also , I have worked in other summer camps , which are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
Public transport would have more of a future if it were better distributed .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use cars , trucks and sometimes boats more .
The tourist will never be bored and will have a lot of time to visit the city .
When you go to the beach you have to cross a large avenue to get there on foot .
I have a very tiring day when I go and go straight to bed .
The last few days when I was in Baja California I got very little time for shopping and going to the beach .
reception who can speak another language apart from Italian .
I 'm very glad to hear from you again ,
Trips are longer on public transport than by car ,
Around the world , up to three air crashes which resulted from being hijacked or shot happened .
Last but not least , we should do everything according to our conscience .
This is such a chronic problem throughout my country .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
And why am I talking about it ? I am talking about it because the foundation of environmental protection is our mindset . Just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and instead we have the current result .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
We can have a really good house where there is a lot of furniture , space and ornaments .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
There is no easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
In my opinion , we should be conscientious and stop it . If we do n't stop it , after , it will be too late .
We sometimes give presents at parties , like birthday parties ...
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
I always try to obey the rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I 'll talk about the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City in particular .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
Another interesting place in my village is the square with its spring .
Also , for some people , it could be cheaper to travel by bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
The bus is a democratic form of transport , which is used by students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
This is because everyone has a place on the bus .
Nowadays , people have a stressful life , so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
The Scorch Trials is one of the best films and thrillers that I have ever seen . It is so exciting to see all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be immune if some sick person bites them .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
I think I am the right person for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good level of English .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do babysitting , so the company of children does not frighten me .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
On the one hand , there are some arguments for sport , especially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game . This is a game I like to play .
It 's all about willpower and the absolute desire to get better .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
In Japan , which has one of the largest populations over 60 , many senior citizens prefer using buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination when we are using public transport .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
For these reasons , I see a bright future for public transport .
It is beyond doubt the taking care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
but we also must cooperate to save our town . On the one hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affects people 's quality of life .
Building more large buildings can destroy people 's and animals ' living environment and some animals may become extinct .
Governments should take some measures to deal with building more buildings . We will destroy the natural environment .
There are more problems in big cities . One of them is parking . There are a lot of areas in a city where it is very difficult to park and you only have 2 options ; you can park in a private car park and pay a lot of money or you can waste your time searching for a parking space .
And I am glad to win a championship cup .
Yours faithfully ,
What do you think ?
I started swimming at nine years old .
Third , swim can help you make more friend .
You should try this sport now .
Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
I have fewer colds .
I decided to put an end to this and , one gorgeous morning , I started running !
Two to three jogs in a week is the norm for beginners .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
I am used to working a full - time job .
I hope for a positive response .
If you are coming , let me know if you like meat ?
First of all , It is true that not all people like doing sports because they are hard work and a bit stressful too .
Despite the fact that sports are hard work , doctors are always saying that sports improve our health .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but if I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work my whole body and it is also a really complete sport .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also helps us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have people in our team who we can talk to and make friends with .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
In our world there are many personalities , more or less known , such a film stars , musicians and so on , but why ca n't they have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleep , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
With reference to your advertisement for the summer camp job in the current , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills relevant to working with children .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
What a pity , that you were n't there .
The good thing about it was the fact that the band ( actually I do n't even remember its name ) was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even thought about leaving the place .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
My ability to learn and work , together with my enthusiasm , are core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it will always be in my life .
I used to dream of playing for Barcelona because Barcelona has good players I like . For example , Lionel Messi .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because it 's a lot of fun .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , to be precise .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
There is perhaps nothing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture is all about eating .
I would show you the restaurant which is my favorite choice .
A lot of children usually do n't know how to study English , and you could help them to get there .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even have thought about playing tennis professionally .
Two months ago I worked in a kindergarten .
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoid disease and become healthier . My favourite sport is swimming , so practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feel fresh and relaxed .
Walter Mitty , in contrast , deals with the fictional story of the main character , an archivist , whose life is changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is played by the excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
I am 32 years old and even though I live in Brazil I have fluent English .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
Secondly , public transport seems to be getting more expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
We can see that people become famous when they die , so , journalists are instrumental in creating a negative or positive opinion of that person .
The difficulty of learning something .
Some people say that the world could be better if it returned to the past where life was more simple .
There is no doubt : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
New technology consists , for instance , in smartphones , tablets , PCs .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
For the latter , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I saw THE TITANIC . Perhaps the movie counts as the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with its chairs , tables and other furniture .
I think that the love story is included to explain the sinking better .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life at the moment .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
You should n't do silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
It 's all so easy and useful . For example , you can order a pizza to be delivered to your home .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose material that is easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspapers , technical books and things like that .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where where you do the same activities every day , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forgetting words , dates , information that you learnt a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper last Monday .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently got a second degree in psychology .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer at the Waterski World Championships in Moscow .
In addition , as I have been determined to build my career as a teacher since my childhood and , moreover , I definitely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at university and in a local school .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic about a wide range of activities , open and friendly .
Yours faithfully ,
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
This place does n't appear in history books , but it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
However , the structure has been kept so that visitors can enjoy this popular architectural jewel .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , where the fish were the citizens .
The fish were going to the beach where the people fished .
After a few days of staying awake and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
In the beginning , it would be a simple job and without high wages , but you would get some experience .
It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only using my hands and my imagination .
I grew up in a family whose members speak Italian and Spanish fluently .
Today I had a 2-hour driving lesson .
Dear Sir or Madam
I hope it will be every day because I 'm looking forward to learning English !
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
We 're also waiting for information about your fee , order of payments and other employment terms .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms . In fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoors even if it 's not a beautiful day .
I reckon it 's quite an expensive sport , but if your parents give you pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
Just follow the daily regimen .
But you can switch on some special morning TV shows .
- Just follow the daily regimen .
But I think you should remove it from your diet .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
To USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change one bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
I 'm really pleased as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would never have thought I would be the winner .
I think he will be excited when I tell him the news .
Looking forward to your answer .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
There should be a bar which is open 24 hours .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be open all year round , not only in the summer .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to about them .
Also , being regularly on the computer is a way to damage your eyesight .
Electronic gadgets are bad for our eye .
Next , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 kilometer of walking , whereas staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and healthy .
Schools provide you with healthy food whereas we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
However , I would like to review another option , such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships to those we had many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took a long time to arrive .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
Next , you can take the bus which takes you to Chiari .
It is believed there are ways to make TV able to help educate .
So TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort was put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
As for cycling in winter , I would n't do it because , in my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delights that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save a lot of time .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing nowadays , but there is still a future for it .
Everyone should think about it because it is really vital for society ; and especially the international bodies should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
Michael was a 25-year - old man .
He asked Jessica to let him go with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she wanted to try to see if their love could hold out against everything , including distance .
He was very angry , so he said to her : " If you leave , do n't come back to me , ever . "
Some people say that there is no future for public transport .
However , I believe public transport is still very important in our society and has a bright future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
And last but not the least , public transport is much safer than private transport , because it transports many more people , and so , there is more caution .
In fact , some people just understand one aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to have some unexpected consequences .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the one hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face - to - face meetings .
It is more time efficient and , in my opinion , it is easier .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood who have been living there more than 1000 years .
That is probably the reason why the local conditions are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , apart from some infrastructural improvements that made diseases like plaque obsolete .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
There are many kinds of sport and my favourite is Karate .
It is just like playing a game .
This has resulted in only very needy people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automobile , with inconveniences and safety being the excuse .
Just thinking of it makes me crazy .
If you are interested in hiking , you should buy waterproof clothes , just in case .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and pollutes a small fraction of the amount it would have if every passenger had traveled using individual cars .
This action has to be repeated when you get off of the bus or train at the end of your journey .
You need to spend a lot of money if you want to buy a car , if you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
Finally , the word convenient means something different for everyone .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
At the start of the 20th century , almost nobody had a car .
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
As a matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got lower , but he did n't , and the consequences were very bad , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
For short distances , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid polluting .
In fact , it was a box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as Jesse Eisenberg and Morgan Freeman , who play their roles perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understandable , you know that , in fact , it is not .
The above are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , which in most cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
Life is becoming bigger and bigger .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high standard of living , to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Besides , I 've a big surprise . Apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has invited us to join them .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
So , if someone really wants to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area where he lives .
Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
If service is not meeting the expectations of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
The factors which hinder other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of Vashtu 's results ' failure to meet their expectations .
Another reason why I like comedies is that there is a wide variety of this kind if movie .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria . There was chaos instead of " democracy " everywhere , and the next might be Hong Kong .
Some people think that knowing facts is easier and more practical .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concepts to be the best way to deal with many academic and real - life problems .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge when dealing with other similar issues .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
There were masses of materials on a specific issue , but I tried my best to grasp its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
So , if I can end my days having been a little bit like him , the work will be done and I will be able to say I have been a good father , just like him .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
He said that girl that he was drawing was the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
The main thing which makes me love it is maybe the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket . It makes you go to the seventh heaven .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change their lifestyle .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are made with plastic .
in order to not waste energy .
I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between some people .
I watched till they dragged him away , and then everything went quiet again , as if there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers where the boy died .
If there was a machine that could go back in time , I might be able to save him .
But , unfortunately , we 're not in the future .
This will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it is like apple juice ) .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without a fixed timetable .
But , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
Finally , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
Not unlike most of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm mad about football !
It 's a city in Poland strongly connected with the dramatic history of our country .
But in the 17th century a miracle happened .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their country . But the Polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
In 1656 , the Polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
Unfortunately , I do n't have a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
You can go by train , by bus or maybe rent a car .
So , parents can be the best teachers in view of their emotional closeness to their children .
I hope one day all children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Actually , I do n't like computer games very much , because , in my opinion , they are so boring ! I also think these games create a sort of dependency , like alcohol or drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
But luck was n't with me !
I like watching it because I can get a lot of information from this programme .
This is a job dealing with all the information on a cruise , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you have new news about the cruise , excursions , the weather and a lot of other information about the cruise .
The media manager follows information on panel , changes information depending on the weather , trips and a lot of other information .
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the change of plan for the cruise .
At school , children are taught about how to make appropriate use of electricity .
There also a lot of plans for the future , to start using electric cars .
The first claim that shopping is a great pleasure and fun .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , we do n't always have enough money to buy items we want or need .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable activity which often makes us feel happy .
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years old .
Each year , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighbourhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years old .
Yours faithfully , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the loud voices of the people .
Besides , they can drink a lot of different wines .
I visited many interesting places , e.g. a nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project building a community hospital . While on this project , I interacted and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at university and now I have a degree in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another situation and not only with my parents and family .
Car manufacturers are desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of cars .
There are some park - and - ride stations allowing car drivers to connect with the subway . It is very convenient and encourages more people to drive less .
Environmental awareness has positively affected the younger generations .
The menu is not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's produce .
But there 's a guarantee for the customer : the food is great !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially considering the quality of food and service .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but there really was n't any sound !
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands ! It had all just been a nightmare !
Obesity is one of the most significant challenges of present - day society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Having looked at both causes and effects of obesity among people , it is recommended that people pay attention to eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a healthy lifestyle for their own benefit .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a long time .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would walk .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not able to walk and it was then that he realized why is sister was celebrating her wedding on this date .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to look at him .
The ideal is to start doing this sport as children , because the older you are the more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom when travelling and increases your sense of independence .
Not to mention the fuel .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a park and other beautiful places .
We also saw Pirandell 's house , and after that , we went to Marsala . During the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we visited a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to board a plane and come back here .
In addition , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet the local population .
In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
It takes place in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
I do not swim in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old ,
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I never went over my limit .
During these years I have changed pools three times .
It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
I do n't either . However , I have a curious opinion .
On the other hand , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
It will also describe the possible housing prospects in the coming years and the consequences for young people .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually does n't have enough room to swing a cat .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
After the race , we got together in the cafe , drink beer and had a nice conversation .
In conclusion , this will make everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
Most of those plans would not be possible if it were not for means of transport .
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and not everyone can afford it .
I am convinced , that in spite of cars being comfortable , public transport will constantly develop .
For this , the first thing I 'd like to do when I arrive is to visit the country . I want to do this during the first month . Every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can buy local food and handmade products .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the two historic town centers .
If you prefer faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
First , they have to spend money and waste time which they could spend watching TV .
One of the momentous human aims is to make life eternal as much as it is possible .
I did n't think that I had any chance of getting there , because of the large number of applicants .
After that , we went backstage and spent some time with the band .
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
In addition , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowded overpopulated world , it is recommended by geologists and ecologists that we use public transportation .
Now that mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with other people .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and what are the working hours ?
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists . Visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city . Dancing Tango , eating traditional meat or visiting a beautiful library are some of them .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
At the beginning , this was a very controversial decision .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you share an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you can rely on , despite the fact that it 's not always true .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have close cousins .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
But , family does not always guarantee these functions , and neither do friends .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
We took the local bus and we arrived at this place at ten .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
We had to go to a library to spend a lot of time finding information we needed on the shelves before .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to store and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
Also , the temple gave rise to a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
A lot of people were playing in the swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
I worked at a nursery school in London last summer , which led to the improvement of my English skills .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my existing skills , so I will definitely be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiar with when it comes to dealing with kids , such as , patience , charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have some money for personal things .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
I went to bed and fell asleep .
And shot them all dead .
It was very dark .
Finally , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
It is another way to discover a culture .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
Have you ever been worried that you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Michael took two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
Well , since my childhood I have always loved weapons . My father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 that I found my real passion , and it was archery . Since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that archery is my favorite sport .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
One of the most beautiful places that you can visit in this town is the Roman - Catholic Cathedral , located in Unirii Square .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the Roman Catholic bishop 's residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of Jesuit monks .
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
Road transport as we know it nowadays will die out .
This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it will be possible to get over a great number of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
If we develop our different areas of knowledge , we will achieve a better world .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
On the other hand , this is the price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They have so much compared with ordinary people . That 's why I think it would be unfair if they also had a private life .
They ought to appreciate what they have and stop complaining about their life , because there are plenty of people , who dream of being them .
To sum up , it is hard to simply claim that famous people deserve to have a private life and to be left alone by paparazzi .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
Secondly , it can not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , but people who agree with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
can also satisfy passengers who can not travel by plane and need to take long - distance journeys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years . They have no choice apart from old buses to travel .
After only three years , he joined the Benetton formula one team and two years later he won his first driver championship .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
At the end of the meeting , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that spending community taxes on public transport makes no sense .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits will surely contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give public transport a chance .
The city only began to take care of the environment in the last ten years when the studies created technologies aimed at not causing pollution .
In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
Cars are n't used any more because there are many places where you can rent a bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport are efficient and not very expensive , so people can not use their cars .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee has accident and liability insurance .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September onwards .
These days Italy has quite a big problem with unemployment . It 's very difficult to find a job and most people find jobs in supermarkets .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous region for wine , and I have already worked in a four - star hotel for high school .
The personnel were n't so helpful , but luckily someone gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you could find him a great support .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the high - jump .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I attended before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February 2015 as the date to return .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
If one has sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep one fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools one down and makes one feel less tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require training a sedentary person does not have .
I always considered football as art .
Their expectations will be considered useless .
It is quite hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to find out some exciting things about your private life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
Generally speaking , there are two basic employee motivation methods : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
I had never been very frightened until one day when something strange happened .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another era .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The profile of millions of recent graduates and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who is thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your living standard may improve the same as your career path .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but that 's life .
I have not moved since then .
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
Viggo is a fairly small , black pony .
One day we went out to three different islands in a diving group .
I like to read too . My favorite type of book is horse books or just random books . It 's hard to explain , but I mean books with everyday action not science - fiction or romance .
Some of the books I like are " Only Way is Up " and " Steal the Show " and were written by Emmy Abrahamson . I think she is a very good author . Another author I like is John Boyne who wrote " The Terrible Thing that Happened to Barnaby Brocket " .
When I grow up I want to be a vet . It would be a dream come true for me . I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and work there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been scared of blood or anything like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosophical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a phrase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
On the one hand , public transport helps you avoid wasting money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
The reason is that when you use a car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or bus , a lot of people travel at the same time as you .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product in any way .
The company will ensure low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
According to the latest studies , pollution has increased this year in the biggest cities whereas it has gone down in villages .
Turn off the lights when you leave a room and do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
The shops close at between six and eight o'clock in the evening .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife it offers .
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about their clothing .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
A lot of girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and get anorexia and those things .
In their opinion , young people , including themselves , are very busy with fashion and clothes .
The students were a bit uncertain but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of the existence of cars .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
From there we went to the mall , and finally , to Juanca 's house .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for a long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or zoo , make it very attractive to tourist visitors .
These include facilities like ample parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls if you are carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people , as this is a statutory requirement when building a shopping mall .
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best places , in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels have gained a lot of appreciation in everyday transportation .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its peak for the 21st century , it is most probable that green mobility will overtake it and dominate in people 's choices .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
I am sure it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
In contrast , if you use public transport , you have to pay expensive fares and buy different tickets .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
Although it does n't mean that the press should write about your private life .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language through the different programs that television offers or just use subtitles to make it simple .
It 's important to know what is happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if a lot of serious situations are occurring in your country .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and goal - setting .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
I think learning and trying different kinds of things can change my school life to make it more colorful .
School work and examinations give me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance when I learnt to do windsurfing .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
It is part of my dream to make an invention to solve the problem in the future .
But do n't they deserve to have a private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which should remain a secret for other people .
That 's certainly an important thing for voters to know .
I can speak English well but not fluently .
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , especially here in Peru . However , we have to think about the benefits that public transport has . For instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work . So , will there be no place for public transport in the future ?
As a result , not only is public transport an option they have , but it is also the only option .
It 's known that over the years the system has improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people quickly .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
At that time , they did n't feel like parting but they had to and Michael dropped her home and returned to his own home .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 . My partner and I organised water activities when the weather was good , . On the other hand , when the weather was bad we organised puzzle games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement mentions work in the kitchens . Our summer camp was small because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I was able to do it without problems .
It was a Seventh Day Adventist church , where the custom was to worship on Saturday .
Honestly , as an eight - year - old boy who knew close to nothing about Christianity , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a three - year - old child .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he got dressed and took his brother to the park .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarves on .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
Everyone can find their own styles , so I recommend it .
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best places where people can do sports or can attend a yoga class in the open air .
Finally , people can experience the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which is really crowded from 19:00 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know a lot of young people .
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with the ability to kill .
She knew what it meant . Jason was alive .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without being recognised by other people , without giving autographs and having their photo taken .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make - up to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain fame in the easiest way .
I 'm available every afternoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , when it is morning in the USA .
What is it like to be famous ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for himself , and famous people do too .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
It is a big source of pressure .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
That exciting news opens up a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheap and intelligent that we will never take public transport again .
we haven't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
The bulbs were red and the floor was covered in yellow flowers .
First , you have to decide if you want to visit the north or the south part of Italy , because if you do a full immersion tour of the entire Peninsula you will visit only half of all you have to visit .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from there to let other people know about your talent .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the principal concern when choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with the view that money is the most important consideration for choosing a job , because there are several equally important factors .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers a sense of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the quality of work may increase greatly .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care will be increasingly important with people getting older . Hence having enough money as a stable income can not be disregarded .
Dear Sir / Madam
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as taking part in activities relating to cooking .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
I really like Spain . We have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the good fortune to be able to join him .
My favorite book right now is : " The Fault in our Stars " , because it 's a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
I have got my own camera . It 's a Canon .
In Camden , every block has three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
The council collects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
Nowadays there is a lot of information about health , having good eating habits , sleeping the number of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
Only if all of that is guaranteed will the motivation increase .
These days , shopping has become one of the best ways to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone likes it .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
I think that shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there are crowds and very long queues in the shops .
This could be good , although some people say we do n't need all this time and we have to work more .
First of all , it could be said that society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meeting friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people are becoming lazier .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
From my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would increase .
You ca n't imagine how excited I am about travelling to the UK !
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , so I 'll literally stick to you wherever we go !
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some argue that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable . However , from where I stand , joining a sports team is undoubtedly the best choice .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is spent working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
This year , my country 's media celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places on Earth .
Besides brilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated as it is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre . There you can enjoy yourselves and learn something about our city .
I am writing to apply for a post in the summer camps in the USA .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
I am writing this letter to apply for the post advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Yours faithfully ,
Leia is 6.5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
In my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
It was opened on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground there is the hall of honor of American Flags .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters have always been the cruellest ones .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
There are two advantages and one disadvantage of the current consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media sites in the future .
Kortrijk is near the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
The town has 100,000 inhabitants .
So , two of us had to share a bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
In our honest opinion , this is not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
It requires a vivid imagination to try to put a view of the future . First of all , the means of transport will change . Vehicles will depend mainly on solar energy or nuclear energy . A flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work . You will need to supply your car with spinach after they invent a spinach - fuelled car .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much that they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch a maximum of 1 hour 's TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
We felt happy because we had not seen each other for a long time .
We used to enjoy dancing and singing .
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk and chat as much as we want .
I also have a lifeguard certificate .
I think that I would enjoy this job working with children and trainee staff .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because sport , children and the country are among my hobbies .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
So when university starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consequence , the marks will be lower .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
In general , reducing traffic accidents is important .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
This convenience of cars enables us to use our time efficiently .
Maintaining cars has associated costs .
Driving a car requires fuelling it with gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
Therefore , public transportation has its own reasons for existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse children participation in the camp in this situation !
To begin , the reason for the decreasing popularity of newspapers is that most people , these days , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are a daily expense .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
Last week , a friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
I have to be honest and recommend this magical place to all of you .
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , and it gives me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and can be done outdoors and not in a closed sports hall .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the road for two hours and I enjoy this time to myself so much that I 'd like to remain outside for ever .
Others , including myself , believe that shopping in small stores is the best choice .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , this is the fun part about shopping in small stores : you can always find something unique .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
In addition , tickets were too expensive .
You should think about reducing prices or offering special discounts , for example , for students .
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and has been embedded in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the armed forces , education , industry and agriculture .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which might heal our world .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and giving them a ' second life ' .
If you wanted to go to the beach , I 'd tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because they are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . None of those languages are as popular as English is .
Nowadays , it is obligatory if you want to get a better job .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
She was going to the national championships in swimming and she had been preparing since last summer .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths did it occur to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize and regained confidence .
I enjoy visiting museums and travelling in my free time .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Yours faithfully
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as follows :
First , as we all know , cars play a very important role in our lives , and more and more cars come into our families .
Also , travelling , of course , is a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for cars . Look at North America , highways have been built everywhere . It 's really your loss if you do n't drive a car .
Second , people start to learn to drive at the age of 16 , and they can master driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) . Soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still driving to their destinations as they are used to it .
The wasted time also should weigh in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too ; it can go right to your own garage .
All in all , public transport is not as fast as a car can be , it 's not as convenient as a car can be , so its future is in doubt .
Firstly , no one likes to be sad .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
Traffic jams will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly causes more health problems and will create expenses not only for us , but for others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which increases the pace of life and makes it easy to access by subways and special roads .
I am 25 years old and have just finished university studies to be a sports teacher .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
I am free for the job from the 20th of May until the 15th of September .
Yours sincerely ,
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of our malls , where you can find at your disposal lots of facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five years old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , played by Antonio Banderas .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
However , other people think differently .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
Quite often there is not enough air in the shopping centre and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to quickly and easily find a lot of information about all the topics .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spending hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying life .
This makes us curious to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
The last low sound of the doorbell managed to wake me up . " I am not dreaming " , I thought , " Who is ringing at this time?"Then I jumped out of bed and quickly went downstairs .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
I wanted to surprise you , sister ! I miss you .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet by young people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information more easily and quickly .
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love looking at the scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian way to travel too , because the train used to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in literature .
I feel better when I travel by land because I have a fear of heights .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media usually show plane accidents more often .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can play with a lot of people , eleven people to be precise .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education as a fundamental right for children under 14 years of age is denied in some communities .
In my second placement , I had to do lots of administrative work , including typing .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her view , medical experiments on animals should not be conducted .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydroger - based fuel - cell engines .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it uses not carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor says that the claim is untrue , because the material from which the cells are produced is very expensive .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
I 'm glad to hear from you and I want you to come to Russia for your holidays .
I strongly recommend you to book online tickets to the Big Theater and visit it s opera or ballet .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and has regained its original appearance .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and their lifestyles are dissimilar .
IT 'S BEEN SUCH A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
That 's why I like to go to a school with good facilities and widespread information to help me to be a successful person .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academic facilities as well as sports and social activities .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult . Sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves . As a result , they do n't know what to choose .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
When students go to university after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the course after several months because they know themselves better .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very good .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said already , my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and a one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and in addition , I 'd like to learn in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going shopping with my mother .
The progress of science , whether it is in scientific research or in the design of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
To cope with the problems of overpopulation and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
Dear Sir / Madam
My name is Stelios . I am a 15-year - old boy and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS . I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I worked in numerous camps last summer .
These problems are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
Nowadays , the world is facing big issues , like climate change and carbon emissions .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
In my opinion , this is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
In my experience , being in front of the screen of a personal computer , you will be able to express and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
First , I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
Jon did n't usually go to the countryside , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
Two hours later , they were in the emergency room of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were treating Jon ' s leg .
If Peter had not run , perhaps Jon would have died .
I 'm a 25-year - old male from Russia .
Programming is fun and math concepts are absorbed much more easily through it .
I will be happy to send you my CV and covering letter .
Would you be so kind as to tell me the aapplication deadlines , and program start and end date .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
I would be happy if you considered me if there are vacancies .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she is feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive much longer .
Harry and Alice are seven and one .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the city being visited .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the city being visited . We know that museums are generally established to exhibit special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to exhibit modern belongings .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the place you are visiting .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the city you are visiting .
Many items in museums have cultural value as well as historical value .
Besides historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
There have been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on social life .
One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep using it with caution .
When I was young I saw my father watching football programmes every day but I did n't understand what football was .
In Italy , football is the most followed sport , especially in my town where the most important player in the world played : Diego Armando Maradona .
A football match is something special and you do n't see the time that arrive Sunday to watch your favourite club 's match .
On the other hand , my advice that I would give to someone who is starting this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsibility and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people travel by car every day instead of using public transport .
In others sports , this is not the case .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
Together with an unofficial Student Council , we created a petition which is to raise the issue with the teaching council .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
But how will people 's lives change in the next 50 years ?
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
First , I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
It is a very distinctive place because of its size , its appearance and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the building , there is a small library where people usually buy the latest books and papers .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair of good grass boots .
Firstly , Disney is not an ordinary destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requires a different means of transport since it is a long way away .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport wo n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
They really held my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not to mention the astonishing actors that gave an impressive performance .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
I truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
For example , playing sport at least twice a week prevents diseases and obesity .
According to scientific research , mental health is closely connected to physical health .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit , you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in previous centuries for medicinal purposes and are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances that occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes and which manage and cure various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
Anyway , there are also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23-year - old boy who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had great talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
After lots of meetings and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the USA and Oceania , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
One day , the two friends had a terrible argument .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie star 's , but they should make their decisions transparent for most of the population though .
While attending my labs , he showed himself to be an active and hard - working student .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
Later , his parents became very angry and even beat him for his mischief .
Last month I watched Fast and Furious 7 , a film starring Vin Diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
The chasing of Jason vs. Vin was so exciting . Furthermore , a walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and was evacuated to the medical center , while Jason was taken to the jail .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up ! You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you achieved it .
But again , you never gave up and now you play in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the summer , because in the water you can cool down .
Everyone should do a sport . When you are doing it , you do n't think about anything else .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Try to imagine if everyone in the city had his or her own vehicle . We would always be late due to the terrible traffic jams .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because they were the kind of courses that did n't have any relevance to my university course , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Law , and so on .
Second , if you avoid doing things just because you do n't like them , you 'll miss opportunities .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city . He was required to run around the pool for 30 minutes .
In the end , one guy decided to do the challenge .
On the other hand , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with their friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
As you said , the safety of the students is our main concern . We must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
They would only follow orders and would n't be late and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things to improve .
Help them and enjoy your journey .
It was a ring which was given to her by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides her not having got married , her sister had died in a car accident . It had been a terrible accident . Her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crashed into a tree .
If I had known that there would be so many problems , I 'd have gone abroad instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema . He has been my friend for many years , but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
He talked about a plan relating to Sanabria .
He set up the plan and he carried it out .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
The infrastructure built for controlling and maintaining the environmental ecosystem is bad . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoil the environment .
The government always say they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing is done . Perhaps they are mismanaging people 's money in terms of various projects that control the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
So far , people do n't understand the consequences of pollution , but within a decade they will suffer and understand the consequences of pollution in their life for sure .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom like never before and became a world economic power .
In my country , people go to work in their own cars .
As a result , horrible traffic jams occurred .
All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
In 1995 , there were green areas . However , they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to ensure continual progress .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , even if they are famous .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , make a lot of money .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car to using public transport .
The pollution of many cars is so great .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to Parliament without previously notifying Spain of their results and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
My husband is so annoying . Sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is to eat and sleep .
On top of all of that , he keeps asking why I have changed with him !
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
There are widely different views on the future of public transport .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I helped at .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a time - wasting activity .
I saw your advertisement looking for a children 's monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how Americans speak it in real life .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
It can really damage someone 's reputation .
My first thought was : " God , let her live her life !
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
The never - been - noticed girl , Celine .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirtatious he is . '
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
Michael froze . '
These days , shopping is one of the most important parts of life .
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they enjoy it very much .
Going for a few groceries always end with an hour in a line .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a long way to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the construction materials that were necessary for its building .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals still nowadays .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell .
Most girls play it in my village .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to warm up .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
The reason I like this sport is pretty simple .
I can play it with good friends , it 's a fun sport , but it 's also hard and you can get to your limit .
In contrast , the professor argues that it was impossible that they were weapons because they show no damage .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might have been used as standard weights to measure things .
Moreover , in general , an artifact or social symbol was buried with its owner after he or she died .
I hope the world will not be destroyed by humans , but in the end everyone knows that the entire world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are against the relationship between the main characters .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extreme sports are what we believe are attractive to tourists of this wonderful coastal city .
They were Michael 's parents . His father was dead , but his mum was n't .
We never saw him again . I think that when Michael closed the door , he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago that I read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
Their main aim is to make the children happy .
Also , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
Yours faithfully ,
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there was two hours ahead .
I had n't met her since the beginning of the previous February , and that was five months before then .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains if you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury accessories from the most well - known companies .
If the idea of a street market does not seduce you , I recommend you visit a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other accessories , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , the shop is very cheap and you can have a cup of coffee inside while you are shopping .
By contrast , if you are more keen to save money , the best option is the street market .
The first place is the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to attend daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to take part in many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
In recent years , I have been buying ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but above all , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different dishes for Christmas dinner , and I am highly likely to be the one responsible for carrying those dishes from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for petrol instead of a bus ticket because of having more advantages : not being forced to wait for the buses and not having to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example .
So I think that , soon , cars will take the place of public transport .
In this film there are two older men who have lost their jobs .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
Of course , they are much older than the other candidates , and when the staff check their CVs only one member confirmed their candidature .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film . For example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story . They are n't interesting and they last too long .
You travel around the whole of the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided yet .
The rest are artists or good workers .
It must be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to ask question or to take photos .
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will be interested in them .
This is because something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
Have you ever thought about what the home of the future will look like ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite science - fiction movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
The house in which we will live in the future will be full of complicated - to - use computers and robots .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , every human being dreams of the home of the future and every dream is individual , but in the future , will our dreams come true ?
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals which are from all over the world .
If you were hungry , there are some restaurants and fast food restaurants .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
On the one hand , famous people want to protect their private life , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
We will make another plan soon , after my mother gets well .
Say hello to your partner and to your family .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest developments and news .
Nowadays , our standard of living has become higher .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is skiing downhill , because I love doing it .
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
If you do not have time to help with those kinds of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with a characteristic odor and taste .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
I have been living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle to work every day .
This does n't just save me from excessive gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
Yours Faithfully .
The next day , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love without using protection .
Next is the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the bad ones .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost everything .
There is a new and stunning generation of basketball players .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time to come .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
The price of the food is very cheap , taking into account the quality .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
It is a big city with more than one million people .
The Vikings were like pirates that lived in the countries I 'm talking about one thousand years ago .
But they also were the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
There is a problem with jobs , though .
That can be really painful for those who are n't from Sweden originally .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the world .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying a high level of freedom in religion , speech , organization , activities , going abroad during their life .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
Mohamed is from Senegal . He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a Master 's in education for children and people with special needs .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified young people find themselves facing both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live a long way from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
People 's lifestyles have changed completely in the past 20 years .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' lives and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to deal with other passengers .
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
Recently , my country has started to develop its resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydro - electric power , geothermal energy .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
I live in one of the most polluted cities in India , which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
I really enjoy soap operas I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , the best one is an English one called Fawlty Towers .
It was written by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows the daily life in a fictitious hotel .
There are four main characters : the hotel owner , a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every episode , new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
First of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wildlife is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
The planting of vegetables and other food on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of humans may not be met one day .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put in place to forbid extravagant expansion in the natural system .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
Please could you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are my friends .
When I see him and ask him how he is .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide whether to be a human or not .
The city where I live is nice with parks and , a huge lake .
I usually go running there .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
There were five of us .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
Nowadays , our team has grown up and there are thirty of us .
She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
She was a graduate , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
They think that a famous person has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties or worries .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realize that , next day , he will be on the front page of the newspapers with lots of rumours .
I am a 22-year - old part - time student of the local university .
I have had two previous jobs .
Yours faithfully ,
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
perhaps because there were too many people and also , the more people there are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amateur theatre to see a musical and asked me if I fancied joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , but I went .
When it turns out that all the people we got used to idolising are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , but I would like to spend my time doing the right things .
Improving my English is the best way to apply for a job .
While he is already working and sharing a house with his wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my niece and clean my bedroom . It 's not much .
Nowadays , environmental issues have become a great concern for scientists , as the problem is growing .
However , lay people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
Transport has always been a major problem .
Another major problem is lack of recycling .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
then let your wife make the decision . Finally , if you have broken up recently , then do n't do anything . Just light up your cigarette and hang out with your ex - girlfriend ,
She quickly packed her handbag and ran out to catch a bus to university .
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
For the above reasons , car travel is the best choice .
Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
As you know , I just moved to a new town .
The town is not too big but still not too small .
I love the beach , because I can swim , go sunbathing , and dive into the ocean and see all kinds of fish .
There 's going to be a competition for a month , with excellent prizes .
I laughed so much !
First of all , our generation of young people are more
open - minded and tolerant , in my opinion .
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
it depends what season you 're holding the festival .
If it 's autumn and winter
Maybe colorful and cool blankets in case someone gets
give those people a good international festival .
Cooking is part of my daily work , and is also one of my hobbies .
Moreover , the special effects are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than domestic movies to make .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
For instance , we can find out a lot of foreign news from watching CNN .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could help those people attain their goal -- relaxation .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , product development skills and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
For this reason , it is important for them to have a good educative programme on television .
I really like to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
If after are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I only go with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
The only problem is finding a parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park a car .
But if you are lucky , you will be able to park .
It was n't typical of her .
How dare she come to my door?There were no words to express my feelings ...
The words of congratulation below the picture explained everything : He 'd got married to someone else !
" He 's dead . " she said , as if she was whispering .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
There are several reasons why television has inherited this reputation .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's happening in the world .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
This sport is done in pairs .
This is where all the beautiful girls are shown to the young men of the community .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , e.g. Health and Safety .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price for the visiting team .
The rationale for the college is : to educate the student about our culture , rituals , values and our ways of life in the village .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
A child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time . This child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , because they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this lets them learn without any difficulty .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to treat children if they get injured .
However , I think , that all the systems which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
Roger O'keefe , 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
Mr Keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commission home , is an old - age pensioner with no children .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors . However , they are having problems keeping up their household routine .
Should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
In the evening , when all the day trippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars re - open .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND OF MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , sunbathing on the beach , things like that .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
We tried to contact as many family members as we could .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have ever experienced .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
Now I believe that the best moments in life are when you have time with your family . It is the best way to recharge your battery for everything .
If you would like to go somewhere fast , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
At my school , I do n't do that much because there are just five of us that are worried about the world .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them require ID , so if you are younger than 18 , it will be difficult to get in .
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , playing the lottery is not economically irrational and uninformed .
Some people like to calculate the gain or loss from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dollar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should get off the bus and I 'll meet you at that bus stop .
So it would be very good if you brought a warm coat and an umbrella .
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people who want to improve their mobility .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25-metre - long heated pool .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
A shopping centre has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need a lot of time to visit all of them .
In the long run , people addicted to shopping do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
Sometimes , it 's better to visit some small shops than big centres .
Thanks to this new life style , our cities will be more liveable .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
To relax , I usually read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrendered its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , so that Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupt , so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
Next week a cousin that he did not know . He was a very rich man and when he found out about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
Nick started making the plans for the house . From that moment , he trended to get to his house and immediately drag the plans and continue working . When he finished the plans after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life . The house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
It is the tallest tower in China and the third tallest tower in the world .
Some teenagers have the good fortune to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
Now , there are many means of transportation .
We can travel by air using aircraft ; aeroplane , helicopter etc .
I believe that technology has really improve our means of our transport .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
I booked the ticket nearly a month before the event .
As well as the ticket for the concert , I bought a VIP ticket as well , so I had to go to Birmingham before , because the entry to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I would n't have to rush .
After 30 minutes , the acoustic performance started , which lasted for about 15 minutes . Afterwards , we took pictures .
I'm good at entertaining . What is more , I really enjoy working with children since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system will work in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still plenty of room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gases were developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce their use of cars . Yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we can not find more eco - friendly and efficient modes of transport than public transportation .
But as with car development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
In my opinion , homes in the future will be similar to today 's houses .
Maybe in the future homes will be self - cleaning and we wo n't need to clean up .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
Having a car costs a lot of money .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked in a designated area .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling by car .
People do n't have to own their car , paying a lot of money .
It will be a new kind of public transport .
I started to play it when I was ten years old .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
He had always been free .
The longest was at primary school . It lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
He was so cynical that he turned out to be very nasty and unpopular .
Then , one day , he met a girl on the train . She was n't that beautiful , but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonious .
The poor pair had gone too far and now they had to go back .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
Secondly , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
Some public vehicles are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore because you wash your car anytime you want .
I 'm very hardworking and a fun person .
I'm supported by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , mistakes have no importance , because all things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
I knew that my car was on site number one hundred and thirty five , but the car was not there .
I spent quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
It is just 5 minutes from the airport to my house .
This is impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust to the crowd , but if we talk about the summer season , we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocating environment .
We need to book tickets in advance if we are planning to go via public transport , because again , there is the issue of availability of seats .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but having seen the price of this ecological vehicle , I think that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they do n't have so many responsibilities . It just prepares them for their professional future .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
Globalization started in the 20 's , so a huge proportion of the population has experienced this change . In my opinion , it is kind of good .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking . If they send an email , you must reply to it in less than 1 minute .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course , there will be some more electronic things like some new mobile phones with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
I 've been thinking about what you said to me last week .
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
This situation is only present in Caceres when it is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and Barcelona , it is a daily situation .
People do n't wear their seatbelts , use phones , and there are even people who drink when they are going to drive .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
I know it is the best option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that planes are very expensive , but at least I have never been unable to book a cheap ticket .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
Also , because of the gap between upper class and lower class people .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. next year will begin at 150 thousand o pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt quite nervous .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " OK , let 's open it !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they were 20 years ago , scientists have proved that , if we carry on with our way of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will work , eat , shower and even live without leaving their homes .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
And of course , unknown actors call for some attention .
In my opinion , each person , whether celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get rid of rubbish in an environmentally - friendly way .
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
For instance , every month there is a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
There are two opposing opinions about military service .
On one hand , some people think military service should be mandatory .
Others consider that military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends .
Finally , this is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for them to learn .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
But actually , if you cook a lot , you can use your energy , so you can reduce your weight .
And sometimes , if there are a lot of customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook others ' food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with family members when you eat out .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " . It takes time to maintain connections between links and friends and be part of groups . These connections will have negative effects , especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of networking media .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in the future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Based on this , we can assume that this kind of car will be the only one on the streets fifty years from now .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly over the Internet . However , unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
On the other hand , public transport has now become unhygienic , as lots of people are crowded into a small and enclosed area , and so , a lot of breath & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed space , and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season when respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. colds & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , the garbage needs to be separated into 3 categories . That is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycling bins ; one for food and green garbage , one only for paper and cardboard , and the last for the rest .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's citizens in order to improve the environment and go together with all the procedures that help them live a happy , healthy life .
The recycling centers sort this garbage and it is put into different categories to be recycled . Categorized garbage is then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we will be able to beam - up everywhere .
Face - to - face communication , for example , will lose its importance . All the communication will be virtual . People will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be tragic ! Also , all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
With this letter I 'll send you a new photo of me , but anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
What does she like?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
People , young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
Overcoming many prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi could depend on .
Poor Mimi !
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
At the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups . There will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on the day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
If I were you , I would try a trial period for a month .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so give up it for a season .
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving on 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train to reach Brighton ?
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
When she looked for the second time , she realised that was Amber 's backpack .
As a result , even though he kept expressing his apologies to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
As in Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany helps Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
Although they have those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situations .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
On the other hand , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is a poor man .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal ones .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
In my view , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , but I do n't know how to do it properly .
Television can entertain everybody today . It does n't matter the age . It can be a baby or an elderly person ; we can see that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
Underground car parks are built in many towns , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
The use and misuse of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relationship , as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia . Consequently , Helena is in love with Demetrius .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
Oberon 's magic is mainly used to help people .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , and not for themselves .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures and papyrus there .
It has been suggested that businesses offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to get know their task in depth as employees .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but also because of the experience that it could bring them .
So , including experience in the CV , seems to me , a step further in the student ' s career .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a job involves .But sometimes , universities give them more theoretical training instead of the practical training which businesses are looking for .
Nowadays , we have " n " number of international sports where one can prove one 's own talent and socialise .
The mode of playing can be singles or doubles .
It 's good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
My suggestion for people who want to start badminton as a hobby , firstly one needs to know the rules and regulations of the game .
And last but not least , as a player , they have to keep in mind that they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands . Instead of that , one has to fight until the last minute of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant . It 's my sister Sorina . You met her at my party . She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love working with her .
In Vietnam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I can assure you that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Vietnam .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will uncover for you a new wonderful way of interpreting the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduced into their movies .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or the mountains .
So , which one of these two places would you choose ?
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which energy consumption is reduced , together with the saving of natural resources in my city .
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Not sleeping enough is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or suffer from interrupted sleep .
I certainly do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , but rather , the pace of life I lead .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
Implementing each piece of advice and telling others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
However , that does n't mean public transport has to disappear .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
Not everyone can afford a car or , for some reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is very important to continue public transport now and in the future .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands like the Rolling Stones are going to have to remain in oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people about the television programmes that are watched currently .
It is said that you are that you wear , but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , unlike music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , everyone uses the Internet and apps everywhere .
In addition , it is very easy to make friends and communicate with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you have n't met and you want to .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meet new people , it 's a good way to find people with similar interests . You can enter an app and you can describe what you look like and someone will be interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
In conclusion , I agree that the Internet is a good way to meet friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to travel to work daily within the city . The other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
Also , as public transport such as the metro does not need to deal with traffic , it is always a faster way to get to the office .
In future , the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these modes of transport .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour in the world .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasing day by day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important basis of any society and it should be accessible to all people .
No doubt people need to move from one place to another .
Public transport means such as trains , planes and buses are known as the cheapest and are used by all travelers , and the cost of using them is something that suits people who earn not much money ,
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
All these points support the importance of public means of transport , and demonstrate how useful they are .
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions regarding the Club 's new facilities .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I was having a hard time at university .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter . Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions .
Yours faithfully ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you are giving me an opportunity to make your club facilities better .
The last film I saw was called " The Others " but it is not a recent film .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl Lidya , who also hides a lot of secrets .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
At first , this transport was greatly appreciated .
Today , every single person is keen to earn as much money as they can and the interesting part is that this eagerness is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
And people feel comfortable in their own vehicle .
If they were financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Exhaust fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
These modes of transportation can easily be found anywhere to reach your destination .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
The side effect of depending only on cars as our main means of transportation are remarkable .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
However , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of these negative points can easily be avoided by using public transportation . It should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities while you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or making important phone calls .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
There was a time when I used to visit a volleyball club , but I gave it up .
It 's easy , interesting and fun .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it requires a lot of running .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason being the use of renewable sources of energy .
The electronic devices will undergo the most obvious changes .
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
Among young people there is a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
The prices in the shops are often very high and clothes are not good quality .
Some people do not want to buy things online because they want to try on clothes , for example .
Also , you can always return it , like in the physical stores .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websites or auction portals .
Dear Sir / Madam
Thank you .
Yours faithfully ,
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and whatever you want .
Moreover , the repetition is massive . I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called " Friends " , ca n't you ?
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from the 11th to the 20th century .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or walk there in about 15 minutes .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sport , but is not the most important thing . Mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths is necessary ; remember the body does what the mind commands .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score .
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
As the tournament began , he 'd been getting high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they had won the game .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager . Therefore , he was not mature like an adult , so his decisions were all emotional .
Michael had a very good old friend who had been with him in his good times and worse .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had caught the attention of all the viewers including these two .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest friend . "
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bleed profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to check his pulse rate , but found that he was dead .
It is no secret that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a bid to address these side effects that civilization has brought about , governments must take measures step by step to tackle them .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher wants us to go out to a restaurant .
In the end , we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The atmosphere is friendly and familiar .
Therefore , I want to say a special thank you to our teacher .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
A lot of kids like to go to the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
The most popular restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the topping you like best .
Public transport includes buses , trains , and subway , but cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the former , because if you 're lucky , you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience . Cars are the most expensive mode of transport .
So , why are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Say hello to Anne from me and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , hair ...
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
We match clothes style with a lifestyle and a personality .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that plays a part in our day - to - day lives .
For example , in work interviews and jobs that have direct contact with the public , it is better to wear a formal or smart style .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
One afternoon , they were on the way home .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pressed on his horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
Not until Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call her .
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
The majority of people tend to claim that having excellent knowledge of the research field is the most important for school or work success .
I find myself not in agreement with such an idea .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
As far as I am concerned , there are a number of reasons to support my view .
To begin with , acquiring knowledge in today 's world is not the difficult thing that it was in the past .
In addition , education has already crossed the wealth gap .
Excellent performance in the field of study is not a determining factor for your success .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the world of work that they learnt from school has surprisingly decreased in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
Does knowledge from school make any difference in the world of work ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast changing world and the text book can not catch up with it . Knowledge changes from time to time .
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
They may say that having excellent knowledge of a field of study is the way to succeed in school or work .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
Although they have less experience , they recognize what a child wants to do .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to his / her parents .
When he looked down , he saw something on the floor .
Everybody has got some ideas about how to live their own life .
There are two things that most influence my life .
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
A big family is a great basis for living happily together under one roof , but secrets are strictly forbidden .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
To overcome that , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most popular beverages are sugar - sweetened drinks .
They will not consume such a large number of beverages .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effects of living without soft drinks .
In conclusion , increasing consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to protect people from obesity .
Therefore , parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which arise around teenagers .
If we take these measures soon and keep them up for a long time , obesity will not happen in the next generations .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in such a natural way , that the reader must undoubtedly exclaim , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Holmes investigation : " That 's it !
I have already experienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a charitable association established for youth friendship .
I have personal experience that dates back to 1987 . In that year , I started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
Real friendships that are ever - lasting like what I actually made with my two best friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
Recent studies found that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient when combining a bike with a train .
On the other hand , studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips it is more convenient to use a car .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
However , there are some people who prefer the use of public transport instead of using the car .
To sum up , I believe that public transport has no future because it makes you waste a lot of time , it is not developed enough in small areas and trains and buses are not frequent enough .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so a great number of improvements will be necessary .
First of all , to a certain degree , I agree with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in one 's grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Secondly , as I said , " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling people 's choices regarding house choice and what they can do with their houses takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should do .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
And when a football training session goes badly , you must n't complain too much about it .
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And finally , it is really fun to play .
This centre offers various activities , like swimming pool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
In my view , it is a good location because children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , it is easier for parents .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary quiet village .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I need something .
It really feels like you are in a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's uncomfortable and it takes ages till you arrive at your destination .
Travelling by train is not an option for me .
This is a set including one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings with diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
I 'm from Córdoba , so I will tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid or Sevilla , but I love it .
The train was still moving too fast to jump off and soon it would be arriving in Milan central station .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but also because it 's a healthy way of living .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that a person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is required , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to making your aim become reality , and that is that the team should score as often as they can to win the match and have fun .
Being interested in the area of research leads to innovation and optimizes ideas that already exist .
Exchanging information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes provides solutions for other researchers ' problems .
There are two choices to travel : in your own car and by public transport .
I prefer to travel by car for these reasons :
Maybe the bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for half an hour .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start . I ironed all the clothes , I even did the girls ' hair .
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
Getting into your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and letting a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old - fashioned cars ?
It takes hours to drive to and from ; hours where one just has to concentrate on driving , hours that are futile .
Even though it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover its beauty !
Yours faithfully
Like many other things , it seems to me that it involve different positive aspects to everyone .
Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot companies advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people know computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Every day , every hour , he found himself thinking about the future .
But first , he had to pass the exams .
He would make a name for himself by working hard , and his family would be proud .
Sadly , Peter was no longer with them .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we want at this time .
I usually help people when needed , I do n't like to be a bystander .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
One of the things discovered by these scientists is Eco - homes . Eco - homes are a type of home that helps us cause less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
I play football twice a week at least .
Do you know any language schools ? They 're very expensive , so I will need more money .
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I had n't heard from you for ages .
These are my answers to your questions .
Primary students are taught many different life skills by teachers at school .
Consequently , Vietnamese children do n't have any life skills and have many health problems , such as short - sightedness , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted has tended to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
Some days we go on a long trip too .
We play Risiko for hours : we 're never fed up !
These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
I will not tell you what happens afterwards so as not to spoil it for you .
It is a work of art indeed .
In the end , all went fatastically .
Each of the cities has a unique set of means of transport .
The latter is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely waste time in traffic jams thanks to dedicated railway lines .
Rarely do we see bicycles and scooters .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed cycling in the summertime .
My latest dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
To be honest , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can cook a few good things like scrambled eggs , pasta and meat .
I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
I ' ve been doing it since I was six years old .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
Moreover , it is quite likely that people will need more public transport than private transport .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
As for languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and German fluently and recently I passed the First certificate in English .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
For example , I designed the high - rise architecture in a highly populated city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only moves to other regions and types .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with joining a health club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do hard exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
By Doing the household chores , like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
To sum up , if you follow my advice , you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
There are plenty of ways to make new friends .
In addition , some people try to find friends who always agree with them .
To be frank , a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
Because they are young , and there is no problem with that .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the faster they mature and the more they prize what they earn .
I arrived extremely exhausted , because I could n't sleep the night before .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
I was at home all day with my cat watching English films and eating Spanish dessert .
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
On Monday , I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to get around and cheaper , too .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
The subject of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a country a lot .
A country has to pay for their carbon footprint and this means the more pollution is produced , the more the environmental damage . In other words a , bigger carbon footprint means more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental policies in order to decrease the cost of carbon footprints .
Of course , you are in control of your time and destinations , but is it enough ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , many people will probably change their minds .
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Secondly , there is some research that proves that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
Thirdly , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is very important to improve yourself in problem solving and the creation of important ideas in real life .
There are many good movies , thrillers , especially , are always enjoyable in my opinion .
Finally , the character of Hannibal Lecter is one of a kind . There is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
At that time , men had to work while women were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
These actors paid full attention to convincing the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
We live in an area where the population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when it comes to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash cans for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( leftovers , paper , cardboard … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an interesting time with friends , but we could also lose a lot of money .
In " Carda 's " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is approximately $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " leads with a purchase price of $ 1,000 .
In this category , " KD " is the most expensive with a cost of $ 200 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
The reasons for this are its low warranty cost and in particular its low running costs .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
However , in most cases , people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It 's what 's inside that counts .
He shouted " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned around and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all people can have a car , especially poor people in a developing country .
Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS when travelling on my own to explore new places .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the standard of living .
After natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed on a large scale , there are no close places with beautiful scenery to visit .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face dying out .
The building land is supposed to be their home .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunity to provide quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I also recycle my old paper , such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
There was a big surprise party in the forest .
First , she noticed only a big tranparent with the title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
In my opinion , I recommend you to stop going to sports classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in an orchestra or something like that .
Also you can work as an athlete and you can earn a large amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to do for non - professionals in case of emergency .
It was a story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960s .
It is hard to believe during the time of segregation , black people were treated as second - class citizens not only in real life but also in the constitution .
Now , from books , movies , I know some of the most influential movements . I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaker .
I know the first person who ended segregation in the south was a 9-year - old girl .
What if I was an African - American ? What if I had been born during segregation ?
It was the first day of Max 's school excursion to Patagonia . They had arrived there the night before , but today was the day they would actually go exploring .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
When they got to the location , the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
Maybe you could consider updating it with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again for allowing us to give our suggestions for your wonderful place .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn to cook quickly .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
He entered the office where they check the luggage .
This would cause global warming , causing the disappearance of winter .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
When Tom arrived home , he explained to his parents everything related to the campaign and they were very happy .
I live right by the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned to cook and serve tables .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much as the interior .
The materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for sure .
Later , Stefan becomes King and decides to cut down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then Stefan 's daughter , Aurora , goes to live with three fairies .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
He worked very hard in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
Some workers choose to use public transport rather than their own cars .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
I am writing to apply for one of the camp monitor positions you advertised in last Monday 's Daily News . I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite self - confident and a reliable person . I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I get on well with young children .
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit the whole class , professionally named the meeting table .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons . Firstly , it offers a traditional menu which will be sure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dinner .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph to thanking my wonderful teacher for this opportunity to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced quality of individuals ' lives , contributing to the economic growth of numerous nations .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field ( the box ) touch your border ( Border Line ) . The second rule is you do not let the opponent cross over the ' No man 's land ' ( The centre line ) , when the opponent touches your border .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and whichever team reaches that number first loses the game to the other .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you could hurt yourself really badly .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
Not exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
It could seem very strange , but I was very excited , because ,
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
The answer to this question depends on where you live .
If the place where you live is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush hour ?
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I am not going far .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
It took me a lot of to admit this fact again .
A year ago , the idea of beginning a blog came to me as advice from an English teacher .
I have completed a 6 month vocational cookery course .
I am a 24-year - old male , and I love to do challenging tasks .
If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
It will be my great pleasure to work with you and your organization .
No one can tell what it will be like .
As a result of these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
The development of space technologies and companies connected to construction of spacecraft may give rise to space tourism .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader in the chemical sector .
The day of the event , dress not too formal but also not to informal .
Do not talk too much , as it is a symptom of anxiety .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the right one .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
There are so many options for which card to lay and which colour is trump .
And , of course , people play skat in pubs and win some cuts of meat .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , otherwise many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
The world is becoming more and more competitive . Young people have to spend a lot of time educating themselves to survive in this society .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
To survive in the era of inflation , young people have to get more than one job .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people survive by themselves , and they do spend a lot of time helping others .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
By 1855 , only six plays had been left untranslated .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by another famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
We love his simplicity and veracity . We adore his multiplicity and imagination . We appreciate his straightness and audacity . We prize his delicacy and his sense of humour , of course !
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
We were going to have lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Finally last night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to open the door and outside was my friend Matus .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and is around 150 - 300 pesos .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
Dear Sir or Madam
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts from news on TV but it very often happens that some information is left in the background , whereas less important information is broadcast in its place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between one programme and another , we are bombarded by the same ads all the time .
I am a 25-year - old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summertimes .
Do you run a course which prepares for this difficult exam ?
It has its own rules , tools and people who are specialized in it .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been using the " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the movable type printing press , knowledge was different for the access to it .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
This means that in the past three decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , asthma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and musculoskeletal problems .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
Nutritionists are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack children and even the ones that will kill them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care of you and your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They can be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
Nowadays people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
They have a lot of money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids . I 've experienced all kinds of situations , so I think they wo n't be a problem for me .
In addition , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will only build robots .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the invention of the wheel .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Many people say that they prefer using their own cars , but they are being forced to use public transport for many reasons , such as , the complications they face with the driver 's license , in addition to the high cost of fuel .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
I have been many times to different places that I did n't know before .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I would n't have been able to call my family directly and it was also not an easy task .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should buy and it could disappear or be ruined by something .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science are more important than art and music .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
Time and place are n't relevant for people to watch a game .
Why is soccer one of the best sports in the world ?
This activity also makes us enjoy watching and playing the game .
Sometimes , a game just ends up in a pitcher and catcher 's ball game .
I would not say so .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised how many people were there .
In the Czech Republic , there are many places you should visit .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiful countryside , peace and fresh air .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here are quite plentiful .
I do n't know what else to write .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during university I took belonged to the badminton club .
As I have said before , I have to look after two kids , which includes cooking for them .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
I cook different healthy dishes every day for the whole family and they love it .
The first martial art that I tried was tae kwon doo and I practised it for 5 years . After that , I started kung fu and I 'm still there .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need a lot of strength and dedication to get better . I like kung fu weapons and hands - free forms . To do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was an error message both times .
After authorizing my credit card company , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same error message .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , much better , is a member of the family .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find a way to keep together these two important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is to focus on a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be dealt with in a way to make them soft and able to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
Although I have never taken an airplane , I would feel worry if I travelled by plane .
For example , regularly examination of the condition of airplanes is needed . At the same time , teaching people how to act when facing an emergency .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is important . If you have any questions , then you should ask teachers to help .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries are responsible for .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycling , which is the following one : the biggest waste of energy takes place in primal resources industries . If we reused all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce its costs by at least half .
Also , the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
Whereas if you are going there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table in a suitable place . I believe that if we could all go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
It is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
The key reason why the used clothes industry expanded is " kimono " .
Another point is that clothes was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on clothes .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what is happening all around the world regarding every issue , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
My likes regarding films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say goodbye to the baddies .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scripts and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Directors ' films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo or Alex de la Iglesia .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
It is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
What happens ?
Also , it is a well - known fact , that it is extremely hot to be wearing a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthily and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you usually make !
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time as you express yourself making an artwork .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , so you meet people and you can make friends after a while .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
What will our life be like in the future ?
However , robots will not replace humans in the daily tasks .
So , we should carry on dusting , cleaning or washing .
The streets will be full of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
Also , overspending .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming - is also the most serious issue the world is facing today .
Governments & individuals both have a role to play in facing this the biggest challenge of the time the Earth is facing .
He hoped a lot of students would join in with this activity , so he made a rule which was that if you got your friends ' writing , you could get 1 dollar per writing .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar as a prize .
They only wanted to get the free dollar and did n't spend time focussing on the writing .
One day , Michael entered his office and his employee happily told him , " we got a lot of responses " .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas and opinions , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
It helps to share ideas and knowledge , among students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and its speciality is German food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with a lot of space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paintings to look at .
It is also quiet , so it will suit the class perfectly , we do n't talk that much or make annoying noise .
Almost everybody has at some time thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but do we really know all the advantages and disadvantages that it entails ?
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something can save money for university and they become more independent .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensive and many people can not buy one .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with highly technical software .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
You can learn various interesting such as painting , photography , ceramics , from the lifework professionals .
I took the ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I was able to make a lot of friends .
I really recommend every young person to visit it once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
People use their cars for travelling a long or short distance . This is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
They also have to remember that it is a contact sport .
Thank god , I live right opposite one big park .
I also go swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , I do n't only do sports in summer , because in winter I also do fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you have known how to do it since you were a child .
Nevertheless , once you start to go running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health and to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen as a result of doing it often if you do not know the way you run , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistance that your body needs , for example .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
The majority of users are young or elderly , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
These tend to attract our attention and waste our money in a way that can be avoided , in this case by using public transport .
However , there are no showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
However , their children do not have a special place , so it is recommended you arrange a safe place for them to play .
The action involves you and you ca n't stop reading .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could get to know the signer deeply through the songs which are on this amazing CD .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
" So , John ! How is it going ?
" , he said .
" Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! " , Luck said .
John accepted his help and told him to come to his laboratory .
Everything was going very well ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
I am a 32-year - old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it as a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
In summary , I think public transport is a good way to get around and the number of users is increasing every day .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
However , there is now a discussion about what people prefer , public transport or their own vehicle .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
First of all , most of the people in Extremadura use a car for going to work , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages . For instance , if there are a lot of cars in a small city , pollution will increase and the environment will be damaged .
Also , if a city is small , people should walk to different places since everything is near to their houses .
In Extremadura , the second most used mode of transport is the bus .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura , the least used mode of transport is the train .
We are in Moscow . It is a very big city , so there are many interesting places where I usually do some activities .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play volleyball in the special court with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tired , you can sit in a special hammock .
There are dancing squares and many romantic alleys . Also , there are toboggan runs .
Being fit is nice ! :)
I ca n't stop studying the English language . I 'm a sort of ' English addict ' , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills . Thanks , too , to your help .
First of all , before discussing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same course and at the same school .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , of course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following these lessons is not a natural work pattern .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
Some people go even so far and to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
Firstly , because they gain independence by doing that .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in recent years .
For example , there is no parking space required .
In the end , the public transport service needs to change to attract more people and to have a brighter future .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
As has been said , Granada has a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considered as cycle - friendly . There are fewer cycling lanes than in other cities of a similar size .
For example , folk dances or archery .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also strongly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
I look forward to your answer , I want to have a great holiday this year !
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies sometimes or all the time .
She talked to him : " How are you today ? " .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend a lot of time searching for it .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
Yours sincerely ,
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
First , parents want fewer children , so children 's resources are more plentiful than 50 years ago .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
That is why I say that fewer children can get more resources and are easier to raise .
Second , more and more public services appear in our cities .
These kinds of places can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly . These are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
A recent U.S. study revealed that using buses and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal " American Journal of Medicine Brevintev " in August / August next that there is more public transport in cities where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
These days we have fantastic sunny days and I will start school in a week .
It is worth seeing because it is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beers in Poland .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
For our dinner at the end of the course , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
Public transport is a good solution for some people for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport has no future . They might be right . ple do n't like it . They prefer travelling by car .
Considering that companies are now moving to the outskirts of cities and there is a lack of more flexible timetables , some people discount the public transport option .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
It was her birthday .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with birthday wishes .
The school day was very long because Anna was always thinking about the sad morning .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time . They could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relationship with them .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological devices , but it 's sadder because you ca n't share your thoughts with anybody .
Here we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrition …
Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
The lack of a sense of civic responsibility leads easily to bushfire .
it will attract the sun 's rays and catch fire .
My subject will be my autumn holidays .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
There are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
At the beginning , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists prepare the metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The flow chart shows six main steps in the process of making bank notes .
Namely , Design , Preparation of metal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Finally , all of
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change buses .
There are many reasons why research is hardly conducted .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
In addition , students , in the course of research , may create serendipity .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you should n't only do sport because it 's trendy .
My favourite sport is tennis . Although it is not the only one I practise , it is the one I most like to play .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the exam period .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , a daily , weekly and semester planner can be beneficial for organizing our time ( P.22 ) .
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with other players .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the Puerto shopping center , it is located in Puerto Marina , and the the shops on offer are mainly fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
You can see how the buildings were built in the olden days there .
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
Food ! You must try the different foods in my country as the food is delicious and special .
They both go through a lot of difficulties and live a poor life .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
In order to do that , there will need to be a huge transformation .
It is definitely a hard job to do if we want to change people 's culture .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
He was actually one of the rulers of this country and his real name was Vlad Tepes .
It once was just a simple cemetery , but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun too , there are some festivals that you might enjoy .
The biggest one in the country is in the city where I live , so you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forward to seeing you next year .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries , usually to transport people en masse from one location to another .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults , we have a little old museum where you can live one day like sixty years ago . So , if you have never been in one , you should go , because it does not cost very much . Besides , the museum has a kindergarten for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Regarding working in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I usually help my parents every weekend .
Yours faithfully
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
Fossil fuel is running out .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
Children often use them to go to school and back , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , which has many historical buildings .
They can climb the " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
I hope your friends will be satisfied with my tips .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint for several reasons .
Secondly , taking into account that long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
However , it might be that you have to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
the great variety of rice and noodles deserves to be mentioned - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
Following this trend , I have become a procrastinator in the end , which made me unable to face the problems of time management .
Then I made a few conscious changes where I began to manage the deadlines for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
The most historical place in Spain is the city of Cáceres .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol stimulates the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China using some examples .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportation were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization relating to transportation in China .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
I also know Spanish and , in addition , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
Last year , I was in Poland and I could see how important it was to speak English . With this language , you can communicate with other people , not just English people but with all people around the world .
On the other hand , I love travelling and if you know several languages everything will be easier .
However , learning a language takes a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , not just your mother tongue .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
Apart from that , they learned mostly about literature and poetry .
Scholars could only enter by a small gate from the side .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most well - known historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
Another good point about this sport is that you have to move all parts of your body .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
There are so many people who come here .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful views , such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
In addition , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
Later in the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason and I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and well qualified airline company which I can afford .
Yours faithfully
My name is John , I 'm twenty - nine years old and I live in Romania .
This month , on the 9th , I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
- There is a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
Yours faithfully ,
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories where they use this technique , but in Budapest we do n't usually use many recycled goods these days .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
All the rubbish is taken to a huge dump a few kilometres away from the city .
Yellows bins were carried away from our yard a few days later .
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that age range .
In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , is done for enjoyable purposes .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In order for enjoyment to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffic , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , possibility of sleeping , possibility of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
Then , he taught me how to play . For example , when hitting , use the strength of the whole arm and do n't just use your elbow , or you will feel tired quickly .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , because it not only includes running , but also concentrating .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during my time working as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and approachable when dealing with customers .
The fact that these tools are familiar for young people makes them helpful and useful .
Another transformation , which is related to the advances that humanity has been seeing lately , is the changes in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by governments across the decades in the cities is sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
For instance , older people or people with disabilities have great difficulty using the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect case study for me because she can not use the transportation system in Paris or New York without getting lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
In general , the facilities are well maintained but the majority of the users think that the installation should be improved in the basketball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
I believe that it would be a good idea to reduce the cost of some activities .
Curiously , the Club is closed on Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
It 's recommend that you improve the facilities , reduce the prices and open every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
There were few buses and they would take too long , so waiting times were quite long .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
The process of this fact becoming real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really interesting , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitudes you will be able to do , without doubt , something magnificent as well .
As the English say : better the devil you know .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private lives and professional careers , you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy , it will not attract people 's attention .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
If you believe that the media tells the truth , you are wrong .
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and young people .
The number of homeless people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children run away and prefer to live in the streets instead of in a home full of problems .
To conclude , the world has a complicated problem , so governments and charitable organizations must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last year 's champion , famous for his threatening pre - start grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
Owing to the increase in the population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest areas .
Our cities emit too much carbon dioxide , making the earth warmer .
For another thing , humans will find it hard to get close to nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human s ' health .
I think that efforts must be made quickly by governments to protect our homes .
Firstly , the population should be controlled . If humans continue to increase rapidly , there will be no more room for humans .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying too much farmland is a bad choice .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Most people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are doing slalom .
When you start training in course you need to think about where you turn .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know which is the best path to follow .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important person for me , who is my best friend .
To sum up , I have to say there are so many people in my life , but few people so kind as the ones I just mentioned .
Many people think that you need a lot of money to be happy .
Some say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes you feel happy .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the scariest villains of the Doctor Who series twice by about half of respondents .
Also , they have deadpan expressions .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
However , people blink several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
Because it seems like if we do that , angels will come out of the TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking becomes a conscious behaviour .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Finally , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monuments or tombs in graveyards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an old police office .
Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
However , acquaintances of hers , the students at the University , comforted her .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
Potential issues such as rule violations and conflicts may arise because foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainty avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause Japanese people to seem to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face hygiene problems , such as someone not washing before bathing , and scrambling issues .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
The Wawel Royal Castle is must - see place , while visiting Poland .
In addition , water pollution is a global problem as well , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really
In addition to that , the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Suddenly , Spooky turned up and ran away with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where I could read peacefully .
Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of designing a robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issues of safety and availability of taxis 24 hours 7 days a week .
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient compared to public transportation .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , because it is useful not just to gain some theoretical aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
But I loved this experience , I really enjoyed it .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
You can imagine that it was amazing . Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I really enjoyed it .
The good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and the bad sheets and notes are destroyed for security reasons in the very last step .
Engineers are studying new engines that are more environmentally friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the greenhouse effect and pollution .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , to the high speed rail , all this public transportation has become more and more popular .
We have to pay for the petrol if we drive and we all know that the price of petrol goes up every year .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statement that public transport has no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
What transportation we need and should be invented now is hard to imagine , because there is no place we ca n't go .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
So , we have to consider how to solve these problems for the next generation .
First , I would like to write about benefits .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level in a particular language .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
It can be really interrupting if it continues for a long time .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
It 'll be a pleasure to report that the tests were passed with flying colors . For that reason I am asking for your help .
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
Once I visited a museum to find some pictures of cave painting in France , but when I went to France to see the real painting , I found it was more vivid and could show you how great the French cavemen who painted it were .
Admittedly , a museum has its own merits ; it is easy to find on a map and is always emphasized as a symbol of a country .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
Our fridge will tell us to buy fresh milk if there 's none left .
Finally , my overall budget is 900 pounds .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat well and fast .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for everyone , it is in the center and most importantly its food is really tasty .
We can get a lot of up - to - date information around the world through watching television .
I always work with a lot of children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children love : I am really creative . I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy dressing up a lot .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
After that , you should go to Medellín . At that time of the year they will be celebrating some traditional holidays .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
Since public transport decreases the number of people
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
Admittedly , travelling by car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go anywhere we want , and we can enjoy time with family in a car .
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
While I was flicking through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
The fans shout , they even cry together .
Sometimes sports games are full of tensions .
Last month , I did an internship at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
This process makes people closer to each other , encouraging them to cooperate and become friends .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surfing ... You can do different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches where the water is very clean and warm .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
I am Italian and 30 years old .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
This experience has been an eye - opener for me .
A few years ago , I also had the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and young people in a rural area of Ghana .
Thank you in advance .
Yours faithfully ,
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhilarating , breathtaking or stunning than taking up this sport .
Being on the court is fun , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
The amount of pleasure I can get is simply incomparable to anything else .
If I were to start my new sports career , I would choose good medical care at first .
The second thing is the quality of the equipment .
Do n't be mean , and spend as much money as is needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis right now !
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and at the same time complicated .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can show you cool places off the beaten track in my hometown .
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
As well as the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
To avoid losing the track , I am going to give a review .
I 'm a 17-year - old Italian student . I have a B1/2 level English . I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm happy living here because the air is clean and fresh and we have no problems with rubbish .
But you know , the decision is yours and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
Hope to hear from you soon .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , because apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn common phrases .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for a drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
If we have dementia ( a steady degenerative disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of online " Big Cloud " memories .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply in response to our specific commands .
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only material wealth .
The most important thing is to set a right course for our future .
However , you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
It is faster than the other two , it is not difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the south , where the beaches are breathtaking , with such clean water and long golden shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a job for a month and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly meet your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking for an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two can speak about the matter and maybe reach an agreement .
I started working for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life . The important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation especially affects the history of human civilization .
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
I spent two years translating hundreds of essays in different fields for higher education students .
I worked in the OIL MINISTRY 's central library on foreign scientific books which mainly concerned the petroleum field .
In addition , the higher administration in the Training & Development Directorate selected me to join a focal committee to build up a competency system for petroleum staff in cooperation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computers , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British Council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
It goes without saying that I am from a petroleum country and I want to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
There you can taste our national cuisine but their international cuisine is also tasty .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast . Most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Bronte prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Dickens mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of industrialisation , In contrast , Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroines do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prudery .
We like to talk to her because she can always bring us happiness .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things related to our work .
Second , people can make friends more easily when they have a good sense of humor .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make friends easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring people happiness .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must meet the requirements of customers perfectly .
Companies need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
In addition , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase their advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager with strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
Firstly , you should choose me because I can speak English very fluently .
As I 've also run the marathon three times and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to achieve my ambition .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am , as I already told you , organised .
It is an archipelago , so there are definitely many tourist spots here .
Beaches , islands , culture , and cuisine are the common interests to explore here .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
Joining a community of hiking students could be useful , because they will be pleasant free guides for you . This trick is more effective for the budget for your trip .
Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people . Moreover , foreign teachers are more popular than local teachers .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
At the end of the third school day , one of my classmates caught me in the hall and asked if I wanted to join them that night for dinner .
There was only one problem : I could not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport , but it 's not true at all .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport is 43% , whereas the private vehicle one is around 76% .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
Besides , excessive use of computers and mobile phones is not helping to solve the problem at all .
Famous people often are annoyed , because their every action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! Maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before . Believe me , golf is kinda fun but you do n't exercise as much as you could .
You need motivation to believe in yourself , that you can achieve it .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
At first , I completely agreed with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is more fun to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because the team give you love , companionship and you can have a very good time .
Unfortunately , in recent years , television has lost this educational focus .
It was the end of a hard day 's work , so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
Because of the latter , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
The only thing they have in common is the eyes , taken from their mother .
The rest is completely different .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
However , when she had arrived , there was nothing but a barren desert .
Only then did I realise that there was nothing more to do , that I just had to wait .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
The marathon runners coming before or staying after the competition could take advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great number of attractions .
On the other hand , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus offering local food .
I read your email yesterday but I have n't had the time to reply until now .
In my family there are five people ; my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
I compete in skiing and I think it 's great fun . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
I read quite a lot and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to tell you because then wo n't be fun to see the movie .
One band I like is One Direction . I think they sing really well .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
Michael felt strange , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
Generally , bands played really well , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in such a terrible situation .
I discovered the English language when I was eight , and it amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market works for both academic and commercial careers .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
The castle is very big and you will need several hours to visit it .
In addition , there are many souvenir sellers , so you could buy something .
In my opinion , the difference between installation art and classical art resides in the feeling that they can inspire in the audience .
I am always willing to help with anything . I can be very creative when it comes to fun things .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing that has happened to me recently .
It was n't my dream job , but it really payed off .
By the way , I met your ex - girlfriend there with her new boyfriend .
Before I managed to say something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
We haven't talked for ages " .
We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on them , so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the former - every time we play basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as a reality inseparable from man , where it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
I am a 20-year - old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp with the St John 's Ambulance .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to deal with any minor or major health problems that might arise .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
They announced that the Big One would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they warned that people had to leave the city or go to safe places in the next few hours .
It opens only in the summertime , mainly for tourists .
As evidenced by the school visit guided by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we think your school vision has been successful to a large extent .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilitate our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese food market will be reviewed , combined with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Some parents would gasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personal development .
This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet .
For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if a member of our family had died .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements regarding the expiration of foreign passports .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps when we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
If you have a ready - made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between aisles in the grocery store .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome than ordinary shopping .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
She always wanted to be in the spotlight , and she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
In contrast , the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the ideas of freedom , fraternity and equality , so these concepts also strongly influenced the poetry of the period .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
Junk food contains a lot of unhealthy chemicals and a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the biggest factors leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger of white - collar workers , but it can also harm their health .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food as part of their daily diet .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , because not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
But they needed to make the boat even stronger and more rigid so it would support all the family and all the extra food they would need .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person has the right of choice . This includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
During the first months , the relationship between a mother and a child develops rapidly .
Development of emotional and psychological problems because of maternal deprivation can be a result .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure they use an appropriate contraceptive .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life - threatening pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
I attended policy making forums and events where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date compared to those of other countries is the way teachers communicate with students and transmit their knowledge to them
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day reading books and learning about different things because in these places there are many ancient books .
There are a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to make ends meet and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us - my brother and me - a good life today and tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world with the title Game of Thrones and it is currently receiving awards as the best TV drama series of all time .
We 've planned a nice event to celebrate my 50th .
I have just started teaching a new , face - to - face group of adults .
I was excited to get back into the classroom . I would mainly teach online that day , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal that the number of obese adolescents is rising .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop young people 's social and intellectual skills .
It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and completion time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those from another group .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , complicated operating requires a lot of time .
However , there is some debate that it is unethical to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully when robotics is contributing to humans ' lives .
In small towns and villages it is easiest to travel by car .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is full of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting more and more tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
I would definitely recommend anyone who would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , with time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard from you after all this time .
Also , there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In contrast , I 'm just getting used to looking things up every day on my computer .
One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
This can only be explained by the fact that he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
Even so , there 's a sentence that could confuse anyone .
It is always interesting to communicate with native - speakers of a foreign language comfortably .
You may find the first initial stages really stressful .
In my opinion , running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to starting to move and get fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity will not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with an insignificant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
The lecturer 's second argument involves capturing and destroying the toads using volunteers .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spread by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
The lecturer says that if the virus was brought to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it would cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the method mentioned in the reading whereby a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
To conclude , the lecturer disagrees with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the problem of cane toads spreading .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning fifth outing !
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25-year - old " Days of Thunder " .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a society where respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer draw his / her own conclusions .
Although it had bad reviews , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
However , there are various negative aspects to using computers .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abusing social networks , especially Facebook .
Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one - on - one activities that enhance their learning process .
Even if the room has a considerable number of computers , the absence of internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera . It is called Floribella .
It is worth mentioning that schools are considering the environment as part of the education system that should be taught to students .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most people recognize - is the automobile .
The moment you go through the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back into the Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , and I had never received packages before !
The only post ever sent to me was a birthday card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
If only I had looked a bit more carefully where I placed my feet ...
Children and elderly people ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
Sometimes women go to the store just to look at the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by salespeople make us angry .
First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
I would like to touch on some of them .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; 143 by 65 meters , with a holding capacity of 80,000 cubic meters of water .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
To sum up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my main aims .
Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more rewarding .
However , that being said , in my opinion , there is still a future for public transport .
Firstly , some things about design must be taken into consideration .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets will be disposed of .
Peter got up and told the police what really happened . Louis tried to apologise , but it was too late .
Because of this , the store detective was able to catch the thief and recover all the books .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection as a present .
I believe such popularity is well deserved , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
I would strongly recommend young people to take up this sport .
Sporting activities might boost the student s ' overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking in order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Cooking classes will help students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating more healthily because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only very few controls are done on the quality of what is actually broadcast .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of parents or the fact they usually have no control or way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have one either .
However , the use of public transport , especially in densely populated cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
I 'm 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
I love kids , and I 'm very outgoing .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I await your response with excitement .
Not concerned with the harsh environment but her own appetite , she demanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and this problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tends to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
The majority of the space was taken up by a U - shaped marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rushed , where you have to queue up for an hour and finish eating in 20 minutes before they kick you out .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer and I was supposed to wait 3 minutes before I poured the tea .
The smell of the lavender was wondrous , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
It has been a long while since I last saw you and dad .
Due to the geographical conditions where Japan is located in the Pacific Ocean , people here have adapted to eating raw fish and like to offer it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
It arouses in me a feeling of nausea .
My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with your teammates .
The worst players are those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best ones are those who put their full trust in their teammates .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and they will learn the language constantly .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi and journalists .
Michael had been running on empty all week .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the appropriate skill set to keep the department on track as well as make any necessary changes .
Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing could n't have been worse .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2,500 years ago in Iran . They were sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
This scientific discovery broke down barriers and enabled biologists to observe organisms that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering Thai dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
The waiters go out of their way .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online as a result .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without looking at her , walked out of the bar .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
You only have one opportunity to make a good first impression , he said to himself .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned his bedroom light on and off eight times .
" Yes , come in , please " .
He liked her straightaway .
And congratulations on the baby ! " His boss looked at him angrily:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
" No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all " .
A must for all tourists , even if they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are many more to discover !
And you never , ever , come into contact with other people .
You do n't have to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
But in truth there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more and more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seeking and family conciliation .
I find that people consider sailing either a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
A car is not always much more convenient . For example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
Driving a car is also more tiring . A driver must concentrate all the time .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplaceable for families with children or animals .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12- to 14-year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
While we are there , we not only want to see the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonably priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
Implement a tutorial to facilitate better usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
Although it had been a tiring day , she was very proud of that little sheet of paper .
The next day , the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a small State located in South America .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never discovered how different and beautiful the world was .
It gives us a lot of pleasure and many moments of joy .
You run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
I think that everyone must do everything to be healthy .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have a lot of fun , skating together .
Violent programmes , reality shows and others of that kind have nothing to teach .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to watch , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of every one of us , and in particular , in the lives of people who can not afford to travel , buy books or live in an educational environment .
Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in the film .
During the vacation , I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
I did not go to Hogwarts or turn my brother into a frog .
We three could n't sing together or make fun of Kim Kardashian .
But , let 's face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singing a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she breaks off her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading the newspapers , the weather forecast , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
I ' m left with a lot to choose from , so I see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the less well - known charity organisations ; to the ones who need more help .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and can also impede the air passage , This is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
If you want to go to Vigo or another city which is nearby , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
The coaches are slow , so most people prefer the car .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am happy that you have chosen to spend next year in my country .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
There were a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help with communication .
When I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so gracefully .
Also , I always loved classical music .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told you the best part yet !
Given the learning experiences in the past two year s ' school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in this segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
An intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
Not everyone can afford to travel by car every day , so they choose public transport .
The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
The booklet published in 1944 by the UK 's Foreign Office , " instructions for British Servicemen in France " is still useful for most , nowadays .
It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
It 's better to talk English and force it on them .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to helping support life , as when meals are delivered to housebound people .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the closest accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
If they are lucky , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I 'm not sure if this is true or not , because I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
How can someone know they have got the talent ?
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occurs due to the media and poverty .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice controlling their inner energy , and also respecting others .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to use your imagination in the same way as when you read the book .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan itself .
Inside it , we can find the well known Sistine chapel . I ca n't tell you what it 's like , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't enter .
It is surprising the amount of nice people around you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you now have new friends .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me and screaming : " Oh !
Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me and mom took me upstairs .
What is the experience of learning another language like ?
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Asperger 's syndrome from the perspective of Patrick , a trainee medical student .
Patrick performs the autopsy of Sam brilliantly and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving doctors , nurses and patients ' relatives .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew in the population .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them . I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood . I do n't smoke or drink . I have a good level of spoken English and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
Overall , I just love children .
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect , of at least acceptable , CV .
It 's very cheap as well : apart from your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
In particular , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also another person 's life .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday or to get around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to a timetable .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train or a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep in my heart even if they are good or bad .
Nowadays , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
His deep chuckles still gave her butterflies in her stomach .
Next , we could ask our community for help . I have some books in my library I could donate .
Technically minded and with good problem - solving skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values that I believe are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate more in this field , great responsibility and reliability . Furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as having well developed communication skills etc .
She searched the man , looking for an ID . She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go . He fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
The couple of thieves made their way to the main building .
They went up to the receptionist .
Just as a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
These days , we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Many affordable bus and metro passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
An example of that is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
It 's an activity that you need to do every day , since it 's a good way to keep fit .
It is in these moments that I give it my all and realize that all the practice I had really paid off .
The first day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls . For example , waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from those of the parents .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to those of the parents would be a great help in the child raising process .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enriching my CV through participation in this project .
Yours faithfully ,
In France , where the film was made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many disrespectful names .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , to give an overall view of it .
He concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive in a suitable place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they haven't been exposed to such a new environment before .
From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English a lot
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned on the English course , can always be used later on in life .
One private car per individual is needed .
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has with domestic abuse .
But most of us just from a distance ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
Children quite often feel guilty of not being able to prevent these problems or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously are not .
In most cases , they even feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to telling the truth .
For example , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
Smoking appeals to many people of different generations , because it gives fast relief for a short period of time . That is also quite reasonable .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand the cost of it .
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation by using a banning strategy if people smoke in certain forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
Because of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually increasing to a new level .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become drier and have insufficient precipitation , which may make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
In brief , there will be serious consequences as a result of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused a significant number of casualties for both mankind and animals .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and there are no solutions , they are forced to leave their homes in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might face a multicultural society .
It 's too early to talk about love at this age .
Well , that question has been going around in my mind for so many months .
They will always love you based on your looks rather than your personality .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that leaves you overtired and sweating .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , look at the landscape or do other things at the same time .
And if you do that , then , sooner or later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
He was home alone baby - sitting his two - year - old sister .
He did n't have time to get scared because all that he was thinking was why he did n't wake up at once .
To sum up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
Recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spending most of their afternoons in front of the television so as not to miss a new cartoon or a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are full of .
Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do something that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the deadlines , the exams , and other stuff that force you to get things done , and , as a consequence , teach you to be a responsible person , which you will need to be when you get a job , you will simply be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me with not only practical but also theoretical knowledge .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all fours !
I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
I never stopped praying throughout , in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find . I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
I had to carry on fighting to stay alive !
Dear Madam ,
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9-year - old daughter .
I am also quite experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially in their early teenage years .
She was my first teacher who taught me to repeat my first word and took my hand to take my first step .
Therefore , I issue a call to action .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
They are a great influence on younger people .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to copy this wrong example .
1- Most patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
For example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health .If you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , but also improve your health .
When Alison arrived , she did not see any people .
The script is pure gold .
Dear Professor Findlay ,
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food - science - related topics .
Public transportation can help fight greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from climate - change effects .
Nowadays , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for many parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they will grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
I look forward to your reply .
According to its supporters , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
The other benefit relates to human life .
It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
As you know , I helped at a U2 concert last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
It was , of course , a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bringing it onto the markets , have proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
However , because there are some disadvantages to the GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
For example , only 10% of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least once a week .
Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport in their leisure time .
In contrast to the girls questioned , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students play games for hours in their leisure time .
The female respondents are more fond of reading books than the male ones .
For example , 53% of the female students are online for more than 3 hours a day .
The young people of both sexes prefer to be online or playing computer games in their leisure time .
In the former , people have almost equal ability , and value interpersonal relationships .
These types of culture will exist in opposition in the future as an effect of social media sites .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you might not want to go back again .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people learn at least one new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebrities are aware of the fact that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in someone 's private life , when the person does n't want it is basically a synonym for trespassing .
It is very hard to lead a normal life when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , above all , what you do .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
However , Facebook , like many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
And also , let 's not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The collapse of the Soviet Union has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
Since for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in American society .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of Yeltsin 's were not out of the attention in US media sources .
The dissolution of the Communist party was considered as one of the features of the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Finally , regarding clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the worldwide spoken language might be up against a lot of criticism , since the United States does not have many supporters everywhere .
Under these circumstances , some people may prefer to take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buy a car .
It is clearly seen that there is still a lot of room for survival for public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
But how about the more distant future ?
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops a bombshell on us , so suddenly that we can never predict how far it could go .
Maybe one day we will need neither cars , nor public transport .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , to be honest , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with either group .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but it also strengthens relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
He usually travels from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
As a freelancer , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
Access to different public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
Although , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , a weird coincidence happened : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
If I also had a year free , I would only want to travel , not work .
If you decide to base yourself in Geneva , I suggest you first visit the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Switzerland is a small country , so take your time and spend enough time in each place .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
Also , I have visited the USA many times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
I am a 23-year - old student doing a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
In addition , I speak a little French .
It demands physical effort , being an excellent way to keep fit .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are those character traits that we acknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
It is a sport that develops not only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
But , provided you have that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
In addition , I have undertaken an internship at HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and blogs illustrate clearly that the definition or influence of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are used and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
Through Twitter , users post opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
During our courtship he was very charming and attentive .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss things , just to have some love moments .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jumped , she did every little thing she had n't been allowed to do for so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy bumped into her and she fell to the ground .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answered him with a big smile " You are excused , my name is Sophie . " It truly was love at first sight .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could make up for his mistake .
Various announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save the environment .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , in the end they fall in love .
Apart from classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no longer in with young people in my country .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without leaving home .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sit on my house 's doorstep and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was to join them instead of watching them enjoying themselves .
With time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
I went to middle school ; I met two friends who also loved to skate ; Mohammed and Khalid .
They started to put small cones in a line with a bit of space in between .
And , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
Singapore could be the place where you will find everything you are looking for .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravagant shopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard Road are good if you want to buy anything from mid - range to high - end goods .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
Secondly , art , like advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
These are elements of art .
These are principles of design .
Advertising shares similarities with art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
It consists of eight parts : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for putting on a play and A few final thoughts .
Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Reasons for putting on a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike complies with the safety regulations .
First of all , I met a lot of people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
First , you should know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants can use mobile banking to send money home .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they no longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
The first 30 years all was going well , but suddenly something bad happened .
After that , they never spoke again .
She picked me up and took me to her house .
Louis was convinced that this new project would be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed . He loved to read about science , inventions , and keep up - to - date with the news .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new ?
He did trust the company , but not enough for them to know everything he thought .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a massive positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyalty reward program .
My thoughts about mechanical design matched somewhat with the information that was provided in the first three weeks .
This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I never took part in the design process from the initial stage .
However , this is also an opportunity to meet up and work every week with people for whom English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
In today 's world , due to the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue with water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent of the earth 's surface is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water needs .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
In this way , drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because you are flying in the sky , above the clouds .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while stage acting requires actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light like the film actor .
So , I would say those types of acting are equal in terms of external factors .
And controlling your voice is also important for film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your vocal expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes these acting performances perfect .
Most people associate branded products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and poor taste .
The underground is in the airport and it 's very easy to get to because you just have to follow the signs .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half Italian , half Spanish , seventeen - year - old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
First , I started a new job . It did not turn out the way I hoped unfortunately .
While I do not wish to continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
But I ca n't imagine it can be as bad or worse than my current job .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the top of his class .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
You do n't know how embarrassed I feel now , not only because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - border contracts .
Our species has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to solve , a problem that has been haunting us since time immemorial : racism .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color . This is known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans . They had the power and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men were in charge of the crops .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated . Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses were separated too .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society were threatened in the most denigrating ways ; men were the undisputed authority in the house .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and its obstacles .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffled but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities where they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
He made her feel bad , so why would she not do the same ?
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hellish existence .
Could bliss be found in death ?
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies when I am in a bad mood .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know what I think about things .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in the event of an accident .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , then it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , then the consumer must use more of X. If you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
That is why I think I am an authority on toy advertising .
Moreover , I love children . That is because I am a kind and friendly person .
In addition , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
Now I am studying German .
The peak of his career was in the early 80s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
I prefer to call that a lifestyle .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results will be translated into millions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have superpowers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat : its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
Therefore , it is necessary to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
Isreal 's obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , and all the types of fried ? .
The place is reminiscent of the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two rooms and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us . The service is really fast and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
As a result , I overcame my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found it 's not as difficult as I expected .
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid they wo n't , they 've been working so much !
They worked all day long , without rest , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
For example , one of my senior high school classmates encountered a communication problem in his family .
School , a place with diverse students along with diverse attitudes towards life , might be better than merely learning with parents .
It slowly rustles and clatters and its pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
Also , I remember the sweet perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
A language is the great thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
Technology allows us to do and learn in one lifetime more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
It is one of the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
The age between 13 and 19 is the revolutionary one .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time until the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitement that only the up - tempo style of play can provide .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experience for players and viewers than a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball player , the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
However , possibilities to make young people healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring causes parents to invest in their children so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their children 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , the most widespread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
Little known is what the role played by music was in his life and what his relationship with it was prior to his first deed .
The " 10,000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific basis , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that established it .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10,000 hours of training .
Both of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time - consuming and presumably expensive dedication .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easy - going , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and doing outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking . I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
That 's because many scientific facts have been revealed .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a bit of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
Also , I hear people are generally convivial and the countryside is beautiful in Cornwall .
A network developed from the South of France to Switzerland , especially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers could not guard the whole wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 or 40 years ago .
But a disadvantage is that car maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and more safely .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place . Therefore , we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
As the population grows exponentially , the resources fail to do the same .
We have just started worrying about that , but the actions we 're taking are far from enough .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are available there .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in turning high - potential young people into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
AIESEC members go through an integrated development experience .
For example , if they do not have enough money to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get financial support from the government .
Little by little , he developed an interest in working .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to fewer carbon - dioxide - storing trees .
But incinerating a huge part of the rainforest means the destruction of wildlife habitats .
Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but so is deforestation .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and as a result , it will be blown away by the wind .
Although experience is extremely important , I disagree that academic qualifications are not important .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from one place to the other , because the traffic is heavy .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there are hardly any trains or buses for the far away places and the tiny villages .
Because not many people go to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12-year - old children from the experience I mentioned .
So there was nothing else to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
I am a 24-year - old Italian girl . I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , but she thought she 'd heard her scream .
All of the messages include the girls ' secrets only Allison knew .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is and show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
I was wondering if you would mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher ?
