Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
In my opinion , a car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street . At that moment , you realize the importance of public transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
It is great fun .
When I was young I liked playing with a ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a volleyball net .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Would you be interested in this job ?
Today , public transport still plays an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and travel on a public plane .
In my opinion , public transport is going to continue to be used in the future because there are a lot of people that do n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use cars more than buses or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that everything will delight us .
He went to university to study medicine because he thought that that profession was the most similar to being a super hero .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Kate was attending university to study fashion .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
I can not imagine how long I would take to get to school if there was no bus or MRT .
It causes global warming , which threatens our environment and harms our daily life .
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequent weather - related disasters happening in recent decades , such as typhoons , hurricanes , wild fires and mud slides .
But , even if it 's true that it 's the fastest option , you must be very careful when it 's time to get off a plane .
However , the best option is to choose a train .
The pleasure of travelling is travel itself .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
Big projects could not be finished without cooperation .
More importantly , parents give us life and they teach us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
Computing Technology has been advancing a great deal in recent years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new invention .
Old computers used to occupy one entire room , now , they are only the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers only let you do math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing video games , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousands of them .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue when travelling by car .
I like childlike people , so I like children .
I planned many interesting activities for views to make competitions come alive .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
Public transportation has been used by people more and over the years it has been kind of becoming cheaper and also safer , but some people prefer cars . To what extent do we agree with this and what are our reasons for that ? That is what we are going to demonstrate in this essay .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue these days .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
Everyone has to plant a tree in front of their home according to a rule of the provincial government .
Eventually , humans will have no more fresh air to breathe .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 years old and provides a free session of talks or presentations to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us about how to improve our football skills .
I can say that this coach is an experienced person .
We won first place .
It was a long time ago , but , I still keep the rhythm in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I haven't forgotten it because I felt wonderful .
I hope you consider my candidature , because wo n't disappoint you .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
You can also buy a lot of gifts , like key chains , statues , or other souvenirs to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I have not been to New Zealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
If I have the means , I will go there and take all of you .
The local council does n't have a project for the environment .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
That night , I cried because I felt that I did n't have any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
I knew that they would never talk unkindly about me .
The lives of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compels us to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation systems lag behind motor cars .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
I am looking forward to your answer .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person . In addition , I have a reference from
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
In addition , I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
Nowadays , people use fossil fuels as the most important source of energy for travelling and manufacturing . This source of energy does n't always remain at a constant level , and someday it will run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear power and wind power . Public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
Commuting and travelling using public services will be the first priority .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
In some ways , these problems are caused by the overuse of personal vehicles .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
Are you free at the weekend ? Have you got any plans ?
If you are interested , meet me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
There is n't enough oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
My friends and I like TV programs , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I like everything .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Another person is Angel . He does n't dance anywhere .
He prefers to study at home .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
For example , there is a girl in my class and she is beautiful .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
From my experience , I believe television has both entertainment and educational functions .
Apart from educational content , there is so much bad content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
The atmosphere reminds one of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorated with a lot of shells and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
First of all , you need to be able to afford to buy it . After that , you must pay for the insurance , road tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
It 's just that your wage paid is much lower than I expected . I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I think that the government should help the public transport , for example buses , trains , the metro and more , for a single reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
Conversely , in small towns , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
On Monday , Tom was walking to school and he saw his friend Huck and they talked a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
That is because you will improve your Japanese there .
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had an operation on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hair . I hated that !
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important to you .
If you are tired , it does n't matter , because you like what you 're doing .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
My mom and my dad are good people .
Actually , I prefer spending my time alone . I am working in another town , so I live away from my family .
Dear mrs .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know is how to deal with people . We are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can give the customers good attention and service .
Hello ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
1- it makes me fit and healthy
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
Regarding the above , I advise all rookies to start playing this sport and they will get many benefits .
Every Sunday , we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as well as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditches , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
Meanwhile , we recycle inorganic rubbish too .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
Secondly , this mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of the city or town which mismanaged routine for people who travel by public transportation . As a consequence , generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation . Finally , I can say that there are various modes of transportation available
to compete with public transportation .
Nowadays , people have numerous options for travelling , like many private companies
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
I never thought about it before . People have so many pets .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly , the same is true of their dogs .
Family is the most important institution in society .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
The fans of this series had been waiting for this movie since the first movie appeared . That was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
For someone who is starting Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is always being upgraded and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but today 's generation is influenced by technology to such an extent that they have stopped doing other activities .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Another type of public transport is the taxi . Like the car , it is more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
If there were police all around the city , nobody would dare to do graffiti or to write something or to draw .
In view of this , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting further education is very reasonable .
Ten or eleven years at school makes them tired , although pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing further education is a very important step , which needs a serious attitude .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new energy for further education .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
People collect household trash and await the trash truck that carries the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if possible , the exact date , because I need to book my flights .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
I went to a wedding .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
I had a great time at the wedding and I slept very late .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
In my opinion , though English has great significance , English is , after all , a foreign language .
To learn about a country 's culture , especially its classical culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
I expected it to be more famous , better and bigger .
Once , I got sick and stayed in a general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower . I still have it .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
This is terrible . You do not have privacy , and society should take some of the blame , because if they do not take a photo or follow the lives of the famous , people will be bored .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
All of them tried to find a way out , but no one could find one ... They started to get panicky !
Everyone wanted to see the queen , but no one found her .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
Something that they did n't know was that the whole thing was a movie !
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
The next day , when they were about to start filming , there were no ants there , so they searched for them , but they could n't find them ...
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
I 'm keen on playing basketball the most . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball every day for around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at university , I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
I make sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of populations , a lot of agricultural land , forest and ocean has been used or destroyed to build more buildings and transport networks .
To start with , there are a wide range of problems it may lead to .
Convincing arguments support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the present - day cities are already packed with places of residence , commercial premises and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continue to destroy more agricultural land and forest in order to satisfy all their needs , which will destroy the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Nowadays , languages are very important , English in particular .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never spoken and learnt so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
First reason : the grammar that teachers or institutes teach is like the Spanish language , my native language .
Second reason : in English syntax , the rules for constructing paragraphs or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always . What is the rule ?
Is there one ?
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year . You need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy them here .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they might not learn to swim , and also , when you become older it will be more difficult to learn than when you are young .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are looking for .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
In view of my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as soccer , volleyball , ...
I look forward to your answer , Eider
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school solar panels were installed and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village is clean and pollutes the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
Like looking outside or sightseeing , mingling and meeting different people .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in Japan which I consider the fastest and safest public vehicle I 've experienced .
Public future unless they have plans to at least lessen the journey times and prioritize the safety of their passengers .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with mineral extraction .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
I want to see blue sky and not streams of cars like in the film " The Fifth Element " .
We are aware of this mistake . We had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
We usually organise competitions and tournaments with other school .
Luckily , the most expensive art is still the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
At last , I was tenth out of 27 people .
At the end of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses had got .
We had a difference of 0.5 seconds between us and the winner of the race .
In the end , my house was the runner - up .
It is best that all people go to the place on foot or by running . Also , it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
Once upon a time , there was a tiger who lived in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was a mother named Amanda , and she was 25 years old . The herders killed her parents , because the herders were poor and did n't have enough food to survive , so they killed them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion named John , and he was 27 years old . His dad died because , in a fight with other animals , he got an infection .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Other animals gave them rewards or bonus because she discovered that water was liquid .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
I think that you have to bring winter clothes with you because here it is really cold !
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide , please send me a letter telling me about it .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
My current job is as a nurse at the local hospital and l can do everything that a doctor can .
So , if the kids hurt themselves , then l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I would n't be able to finish and pass that test .
At the beginning I went to the kindergarten and they taught me to ski .
At twelve o'clock in the afternoon , my parents took me with them and we skied together .
When I was older , I was able to get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I had to learn to ski perfectly like my parents .
Also , you spend all the time in the countryside and if you are lucky , you can see animals .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She knew her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of times , especially the last few weeks .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Although compared to ancient times , we are lucky enough to have all these option .
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accidents are less .
The plane is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
Young people want to discover the world and travelling reaches places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I sunbathed for a very long time and then I went to a cafe and and I drank a drink .
No future for a public transport ? Is this claim true or not ?
Will we see public transport on our roads in 5 or even 10 years ? That is really such an interesting question .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is one of the most difficult sports in the world . You have to put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been playing volleyball for twelve years and because of that I have got to know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
In the newspaper , he read an interesting notice .
Michael sent the story but he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake . He did n't give his name and address .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad you can watch one of them .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
I felt like a star ! Crowds of people were waiting in front of the dressing room for autographs , but only me and my sweet girlfriend got them .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
There can be people tired of so much advertising content , but this is completely necessary .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and left his home .
He followed and apologized to her .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
·Activities to pass the time
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
·Other ideas for having fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper . For instance : free zumba masterclass , beach yoga , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
Also , I am sending you a map in order to locate the street .
My work experience is outstanding because I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of Operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
It would be a pleasure to discuss in person why I am qualified for this position .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On the other hand , there are more benefits . For example , if you want to travel to another country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand everything without complications .
I have a mobile ( Nokia 1214 model ) which needs batteries , model 002545 .
If I have no mobile , I will not be able to work .
The delivery error was made by you , so this time , it should be sent with free delivery .
I hope to hear from you soon and have my batteries at my home as quickly as possible .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities and games which are held creatively and effectively and are suitable for different ages .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork and they have to consider the security issues .
The colour will be printed on both sides and every note has its unique ink . Also , the images will be slightly raised .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged but still good sheets , people will cut them into separate notes and pack them together in order to dispatch and distribute the bank notes .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I told you before in that e - mail .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be able to talk to you about this experience .
Second , the teachers had really good teaching skills .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
I am keen on cinema and I love to watch all types of films .
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is one of the top 100 best movies .
I am 20 years old , and I live in Port - Said , Egypt .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years and have won a lot of prizes .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and a water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
When I work , I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
But if you look at your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I am writing with reference to the job as the camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to 12 years old . I consider myself quite patient and fun . In my opinion , they are two highly necessary qualities for this kind of job .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
It is very time - wasting and not efficient .
For example , when the semester starts , students can not get over the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
When I play badly , I feel agitated , but my teammates give me their unconditional support .
If you do n't like it , there are many options to do other sports .
Therefore , you have to be prepared for any problem .
On September 12th , 2014 , I went to New York City .
The flight was approximately five hours during which I watched beautiful movies .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler finds a way to get along with his or her companion .
This minimal chance will make a big difference when you visit another city .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you ask for sauces with less pepper .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that come to my country : try to get along with your companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700,000 messages , and 170,000 Tweets are published on Twitter every 60 seconds .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy and there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
The benefit of being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted to readers almost instantly .
However , information which appears on Facebook or Twitter is easily accessible , so everybody can easily respond as it is a public opinion .

For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was a black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face - to - face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to see each other 's appearances .
However , despite the usefulness of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life and avoid using it most of the time .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs have been taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generation 's lives ( teenagers and kids ) .
What a wonderful day ! It is April now and finally spring has come .
What if you do n't have any of those requirements ?
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . To put it simply ,
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best means of transport for the environment .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Environmental care is gaining strength every day , from kids to elderly people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for society 's consumption .
If people did n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably happen when the destination is far from the place where you live .
Nevertheless , it is never enough , because dog owners are mostly to blame .
My family is very conscious of this problem , so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use public transport , which is great quality in the city where I live .
Throughout time , the Nile has been the only source of water for Egyptians .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousands of tourists , who come every year .
In addition , naval wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
In my opinion , it is important because it reminds us of our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand that we should never give up and to follow our dreams .
A number of buses are provided by the government in order to meet people 's financial means .
Using public transport is a waste of time and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Somehow , you ca n't always identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which leads to some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
TV can help introduce young people to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
But television also has negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .

I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view and finding ways to deal .
I have worked for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
I need to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam . I want to find a new job in Holland to reunite our family .
Maybe robots will be able to drive more intelligently than people .
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
And there will always be people who hate public transport .
Today it is miles more important to learn a foreign language than before .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , getting to know a different culture and society different than yours . It enriches your knowledge .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greed .
Technologically advanced countries have cleared a great number of forests and land to build tall buildings .
The higher the temperature increase , the worse the quality of life is .
Without enough water , people 's bodies will become weak and rough .
Everyone will live in despair , but be unable to find the entrance to brightness .
Undercover work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the real danger is if you get discovered .
For the last two years , I have been a member of the swimming group at the University .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
Getting wet when it rains , having to make a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking during hot weather .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport is perhaps not able to reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
If every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling opportunity , I suppose that our streets will become a car park and everyone will spend more time in congestion .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just look at the scenery .
Though there are many advantages tor public transport , that does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
Also , in recent years expressing yourself in English , French , German and Russian has became something essential in our lives to find a job .
I have had a part - time job as a babysitter and I take care of my 11-year - old brother very often .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's house .
First , we listened to some songs , such as " Almost " and " Big Big World " .
Winnie really loves eating , so I can easily find a lot of food at her house .
Are you okay ' , I asked .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness . It is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn to swim as early as two years of age .
If you want to start to learn to swim , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
Some of them started designing the stage , some of them checking sound volume and lights .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
I would build there a fitness gym , a walk - in closet , a swimming pool .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
You just follow a suggestion made by someone .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
There you will see bus stops in the street .
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment in order to do work better than before .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
You can eat the best burgers you have ever eaten .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
You will want to go back another time .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever American food you want and you will get the same fantastic experience as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
That 's because while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
You can imagine what heroes look like , you can imagine different scenes where the action takes place .
Next day , going home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person to play with .
Although you might be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose in the end .
Some of them play tennis because of their parents .
I 'm also good at dealing with people . In fact , since when I was younger , I was the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , including if I do n't know them .
Finally , I 'm also prepared to work long hours . When I worked with my aunt in her cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I finished at 9 p.m. . It was difficult but I did it every day .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who were all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable . However , some years ago , they started to include me when they played , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and kind .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant and is always tasty and fresh .
The media accompany famous people , such as politicians and film stars throughout their whole lives .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
However , they are still ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
The value of their talent and abilities is measured in the amount of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , there are famous people who do n't bring their life into the limelight .
If you use public transport , you can cause less pollution than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one vehicle .
Personally , I have got used to walking around my city and my car is only used if I travel around the country .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps ; the internet and mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our fingertips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost in a new place . Google maps is always there to help .
We do n't need to memorise English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do n't need to be in front of anyone , everything can be managed through virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
On the other hand , terrorism , global warming and greed have become the top challenges of today 's world .
We need to remember technology is just a tool . In the right hands it will be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we know it today .
That 's easy .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and open - minded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I have really great memories of these experiences and I would really like to relive them .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect with other teachers , speak about courses and exchange information .
Nothing is impossible in life , but it is not easy to find sincere friends .
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
Some people think that it is a bad idea .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came into his head .
She could n't understand what was going on , because it was just three weeks ago that they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he was just avoiding her and he was not happy about the news .
In fact , I do not like to do sports all the time , but if I really need do some exercise , I like to go swimming in the swimming pool .
For example , after swimming , I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we should not stay at home or work all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
The local government is also taking serious action aimed at creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
I woke up today and I suddenly remembered that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that did it would be rewarded with a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
We made some decisions about laws , but there was total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We were talking about this when a dog came near ; it was adorable , but suddenly he changed into a big weird creature .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
There are a lot of benefits that go hand in hand with doing exercise , like reducing or taking control of your weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with your body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing exercise .
Nowadays , there are a lot of different types of exercise . You can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to control the ball and dribble your rivals on the field .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14-year - old boy explains " I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
Although there are many positive points about private cars , there are also negative ones .
" says a 17 - 22-year - old boy .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which involve private cars .
It is clear that if drivers took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk , there would not be as many accidents .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
I could n't believe the teacher and our friends too pointed at us firmly and without giving us any chance to speak out .
We wiped away our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Also , I have a good relationship with little kids . I usually look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . Moreover , I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of my character , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which involve running and jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and wrote on a wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he will find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive to at least tell us what happened to everyone . The # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional food which we could eat with no problems and be OK .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as a result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Finally , taxis are available and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
These rare fragments of life without the eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , non - famous people .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a private life and the ability to have a normal life should also be given to them .
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , and it is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more . What I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone can play it as long as they 're determined , So , basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
Once per week on Wednesday , rubbish is collected .
All my neighbors collect garbage in the same way .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant is a little expensive .
I think everyone has tried some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to try them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
My school is really easy to find . Go straight ahead onto Aljameah Street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU University . After getting off the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
If I were you and I had a whole summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to travel between the cities .
What I feel is that everyone who is living in the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
The idea of abandoning public transportation is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
Nevertheless , there is another side to this reality .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people make of it .
You do n't have to go to a station on foot , carrying bags , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
Is the car faster than public transport ?
Sometimes cars are faster than buses ; sometimes buses are faster .
Fast trains are always faster than cars .
If you are looking for additional work experience , though , you will probably be disappointed .
Recently , I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , which are the subjects that I like most .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos . The place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
You ca n't go there and not eat memelas , which is like huarache but bigger and absolutely delicious .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune at all .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , in the end , like him .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread throughout the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who robbed him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer and she worries about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the people who live in her own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the sole exception of the thief , who talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take my best friend , llaria with us .
Then I went to him and he had his photo taken with me .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizzas ; all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Sports start being admired by young people and can imprint a model of behavior on the minds of the young .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the young , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
They are influenced by the surroundings in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , and the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of Yorkshire .
I 'm a postdoc at the Russian Cancer Research Center .
Recently , he visited Moscow and while we were having a conversation , I mentioned that I was looking for an opportunity to work in a postdoc position abroad .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
P.S. My CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Lugo is an incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and festivals which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The city has many projects , such as " Keep it clean , keep it beautiful " , the goal of which is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule every day , so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight- to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Exploration and extraction of shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry . For instance , in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
Besides having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
Another thing to add is not being stressed the night before the exam .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long - term preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform well , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Once we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
In addition , we need something that can work all the time .
If we run out of power , entire cities could be plunged into chaos , and that is unacceptable .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
education , while attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
The geography and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , will surely be taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
In areas exposed to natural disasters , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too hard .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up spending it in the wrong way .
For example , things might not go as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enough money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have everything planned and know for sure that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and in - depth understanding of front desk operations .
I also love meeting new people from other countries and exchanging languages .
I liked this story a lot , firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they take me to another universe , making me forget everyday life .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervision environment in preparation for our final assignment , so I am able to be a member of your highly - skilled staff .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smart phones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
The number of cars increases rapidly , but public transport is still in use .
But what is more convenient - owning a car or public transport ?
Let 's reflect once again : is there a future for public transport ?
First person narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the story and make the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
The author created the horror atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers unable to stop themselves imagining the images in their minds .
The whole story apart from the end of the story when he confessed the crime , the madman used intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
Having made this decision , Max found the courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
Probably not , but there are many people in show business or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant where I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and great service .
What I do n't understand is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
I decided to go back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave my ankle a rest , which was very much needed too !
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit longer ?
Do remind me again , though , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass growth in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys much older than me .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
This movie touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people usually live without appreciating the really important things .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think that " something " is almost everything .
A worldwide war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the period of 50 years from now .
But are there , these days , prospects for a new World War ?
Today , most of them house cafés , shops and restaurants that attract a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several rooms and apartments , as well as the Royal Private Apartments with world - famous tapestries of the Polish kings ' collection .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer from when I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Adolescence can be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something through it , in reality you ca n't .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
You will ride as far as Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatic beaches of Mallorca .
For that reason , you must cycle or walk .
Cycling near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of buildings that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms .
Furthermore , you should install heaters to avoid the cold in the passageway from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the next decades .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract from the entertainment .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief that good will prevail .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry he . Despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war or extreme distrust .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause ill - feeling and discontent .
First was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
The 1970s saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could lead to a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
While the road system is being improved , there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delays while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic on the part of the road system obviously increases the risk of drivers having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bus or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicular transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Torturing the Earth we are living on .
In conclusion , I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
The most likely answer lies in 2 areas . Firstly , the attitude of many westerners is that it is their right to travel in such a manner .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in teepee s and eat soya bean soup . However , I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The government 's answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back move . They are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Even if we did , then , surely , so does the rest of the world .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent characters , such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
During fights doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it . It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin .
It was the start of what our now President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War .
The use of the means humans have developed is where the greatest problems lie .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of language - German .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one s in the past which filled whole rooms .
Computers can offer escape from the humdrum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and uninventive .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power that genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes commonplace in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the original scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other s ' misuse of it .
Another problem is that people think that the monarchy is being abolished in many countries and many countries are republics , so the monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
In the end , I think if many people want the monarchy to be abolished , a general election should be called and then we would see if the monarchy should be abolished .
Once fertilisation has occurred , the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother 's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
There are ethics involved relating to who is given the treatment and who is n't
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are too old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post- menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , were everybody to boycott beef products .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is now thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
In my view , no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age when the woman was required to stay home .
More and more office jobs are being filled by women but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
Whenever a movement is begun , whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated one becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd- and 3rd - world countries ) how ubiquitous computers are .
People can easily do calculus or other types of functions with a computer .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error . However , if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership have had a strong effect on the world economy .
Naval programs have wasted large amounts of money in the United States due to the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space programs such as STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years has altered the average intelligence of human beings for the better and sometimes for the worse .
The only observation which can be made , is this : it has altered people 's lives significantly .
The discovery of atomic energy is undoubtedly the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather . Also , as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
The frequency with which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that a lot of progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their waste without being heavily fined .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing a lot of non - biodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those without homes because they receive money for what they collect ) .
But we are heading in the right direction and , hopefully , by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this with a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Well , I applied to this program , was accepted , and flew here from the US .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program , the application for which was probably computer generated , I assume my info was processed by a computer .
Without this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible without the aid of computers .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges become a staple .
Fire , the source of life , has always been used to prepare the food of mankind throughout history .
Throughout history , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and different perspectives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch TV .
Nowadays , everybody watches TV .
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her TV . is the greatest thing in the world .
In the 20th century , the values that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substituted with TV . In America , this growing individualistic society , one no longer sees the relative humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessful , and attribute their inability to achieve to a lack of effort .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he re - encounters the Baron later in his travels .
Our country has been called a " melting - pot " implying that we all come from different backgrounds but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it s writing unique .
Some of the anti - violence proposals are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
