Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny .
when I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
You will be interesting in this job ?
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that 's all will delighted us .
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
But , even when it 's true that it 's the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
The pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
Big project could not be finished without co - operations .
More importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
Old computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
I like personality with childlike , so I like children .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today 's date .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
I can say , that coach is experienced person .
The first place was gotting by us .
It was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
If I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
The local Council hasn't a project for the environment .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I knew that they never talk bad about me .
Life of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
A busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
I am waiting yours answer .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Besides I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
My friends and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
He prefer study in your home .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
From my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
Apart from eduational contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n't be able to tell right from wrong .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
If you are tired does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
My mom and my dad , they are a goog guys .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
Hi mrs .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
Good day ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy game no friction between players
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
Every sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
secondly these mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
to competition with public transportation .
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
for someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
In this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n't notice it .
But choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collects trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
I had a wedding .
The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
And there are a lot of things .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
Once , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
Everyone wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
Something that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
One of them I 'm keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a hard day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
Convincing arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Is there anyone ?
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for your answer , Eider
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Like watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
As far as I 'm concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
We used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
At last , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
At last of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and i'l can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
At the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
She knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
Although compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
Second is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
Plan is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I took the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
will we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question/
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Comedies are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
So I was there something like staff .
I felt like a star!Crowded of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
Mel looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
He followed and apoligized her .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
·Activities to kill time
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
·Others ideas to have fun
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate the street .
My work experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
The delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
I hope to hear from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
However , only one thing that we dislike
Peple should decide the background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
I suppose we 'll see each other soon and I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Second , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
In my opinion , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
I am 20 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
It is very wasting time and not efficient .
For example , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
when I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
In this way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
On september 12th,2014 I went to New York city .
The flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Mexican food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
In contrast , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes(teenagers and kids ) .
What a wonderful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
What if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
It 's a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
As far as I 'm concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
If people do n't use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
My family is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
It quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people 's financial conditions .
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Moreover , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Somehow , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
But television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
And people who hate public transport , there will always be .
Today it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Many scientists infer that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
Everyone lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
In conclusion , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
Also , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
Provided that every citizen owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
At 2 o'clock in he afternoon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
Are you okay'I asked .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
I would build there fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming pool .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
You just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
There you will see bus stations in the street .
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
You can it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
You will want to come another time .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
That 's why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I also worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n't know them .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
The service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
During whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media are accompanying them .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
However , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
From my point of view , I get used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at finger - tips .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting new people or selling your products , you do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
That 's soon said .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I had a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Some people think that it is a bed idea .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
She could n't understand what 's going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
There 's a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
According to The Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
I could n't imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
We wiped off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
Furthermore , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I am very exited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
At the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
However , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
The price was n't reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
Nevertheless , you have another side to this reality .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
You do n't have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
Is the car faster then public transport ?
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speed trains are always faster then cars .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
These days I started studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
You ca n't go there and do n't eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
Sadly , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
Obviously , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Sports starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
I 'm a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Additionally , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
When we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
Besides , we need something that can work all the time .
If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Geographic and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
In areas exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Therefore , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
You must not push yourself too far .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
The number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Let 's reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
The author created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
First , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n't help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman 's used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
By this decision , Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n't move because its leg was injured .
Probably not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
" Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
About the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
Do remind me again , thou , if you see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
This movie has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
A wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
But there 's , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
Today , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
You will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
For that reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
Going on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
On the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
Furthermore , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Firstly , was Europe 's realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
The 1970 's saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
While the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
In concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
The answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
I am by far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee 's and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
During fights doctors a kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin-
It was the start of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War --
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past which filled whole rooms .
Computers can offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
What people have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
But , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
Once fertilisation has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
The menopause is the body 's way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
After a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
In my views no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the age that the woman is required to stay home .
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
Whenever a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
Granted , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
Not certain about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
The money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
And one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
Of course , the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
This links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
( Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Well , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Instead , once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated- I assume my info was processed by a computer .
W / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
When booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Throughout History one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
A typical day for a child in today 's world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T.V.
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My señora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
In the 20th cen , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
People are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
Our country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique .
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
