My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
Follow reading to know why!.
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
from a story their mom read often .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
I just have had traveled two times .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
There was too hot .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
So , lets start ,
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
Therefore traffic will be batter .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
My faithfully
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
Would do you please join us ?
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I like a many food and drink .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
We can solve this problem if we want that .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
Nowadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
that have limitation also there .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
Learning English is very important by the future of all .
People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
Everyone could speak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
But if you are willing to live in happy life .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .
Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
Do your family is happy that you come back ?
We met each other next to Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
And the we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
I do not know from where I can start .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Any one in the world has future Goal .
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .
This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .
This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I the town you can do everything fun .
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
As we know , in our days everything is possible .
There you must n't speak lauder and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
Meanly , the change in the environment .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
The live there will be harmful for everybody !
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusion life of young people is not very easy .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .
In another way of saying , this kind of education system should be included in the whole classes in all schools .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
She has an important person to me since my 8 years .
My father is other person important to me .
I appreciate his a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
all here is great .
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .
Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
i used to play it with my frindes .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
I am looking forward confirmation .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .
Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .
How are eating ?
I play bike in the weekend .
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
Another point where I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
The culture shock is that international students need to overcome .
Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .
It 's the most popular sport all over the world .
Deforest the woods can damage the cycle of nature .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .
I am writing to apply for your job offer .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
the waiter come to us and took the order .
l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
Now on the castle is a museum .
It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
My favorite way is Train .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever were our needs .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Also , I have very Friends .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
Technology is increasing in all the world .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .
There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
ufo story started already in antiquity .
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
Her husband was dead a long time ago .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
The future we do not know what 's coming .
But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
And it is very well ordered .
Trains are going to be used evermore .
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
You are only relying on it .
Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
It is not difficult to do the thing .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
Why should I took at this job ?
beast regards
In your car you can put inside all bags that you want to take .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .
what the meaning of friend ?
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .
To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona to go with you .
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
To my mind this mind not right .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get earlier to everywhere .
There includes some most important steps .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The last step is the inspertion , sheete manually inspected .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
You can walk about ten minutes from the station or by bus to there .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
There are possibility of raining .
Please write me a line soon .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
It 's since I had six years hold that I try this sport .
You are advantage if you start when you are young .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
I hope your news soon .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
Tennis is the favourite sport of my brother .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
I have two reasons why I think so .
First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
" Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
And terolism is scare also .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .
I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
So I think the future of public transportation is in darkness .
Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
Its very simple and wonderful sport .
I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?
Television provides educated varieties of channels as well .
We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
we won , t have schools .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
As long as you can go with me just let me know .
I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
We ca n't breave we will die , too !
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
However she can stay at home .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
. you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
I like do activities with them also I feed them .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
It 's very simply .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
In the last years was improved the public transport system .
In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
This is a new age , which we live .
So will follow problems of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .
One of these are the jams .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
The tickets are to expensive .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
Accordingly , I drifted to the party , going home alone .
When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
I hope your answer soon .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
My mother also like this show .
Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
The main reason by which I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Tennis is not a coletive sport .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
The exception is in a match of double .
Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .
This is very cool experience for me .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
Never nobody heard any discussion .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .
Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
And Michael said every time that he never will do that .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
I have one favourite soap opera .
And I like see how they look like .
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
It gives me many a positive energy and fun .
I play just for yourself
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .
My advice is only one .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
i swim 2 times per a week
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny
my mother in law she likes swimming too
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
It 's comum in city the bus .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .
We fly at plane or something other .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film together with this letter .
I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
Therefore environment will be improved .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
This will saved their time .
Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
So there is no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
People use public transport because of saving money .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
Convenience is not the only one consideration when we are travelling .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .
I have a black skin , black hair .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidly .
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .
life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Becsuse there is turening red !
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
We enjoy watching football match
I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
That become our life more and more crowd
Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
I apologise to you .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
I look forward your answer soon
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Second preparation metal plates .
It 's skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .
Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
As one of the members of the school community , you can not miss the event , can't you ?
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
In Cáceres take care of the environment .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no apologizes to be a informed person .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
Normally , I 'm not spending a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring and stressed .
Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
Due to our helpful people is works become easier .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .
I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
I describe how it looking my every day .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
I think it is true , because o lot of people like travelling by car .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
Hope that those information are of good use .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
I am studying Literature and Language bachelor programme .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robots in specific hour make a show with instruments like a band .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
Imy name is Lorenza .
It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .
NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
Our great example in changing is German .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .
Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
Three words that describe me really good is :
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
when i learned to wind'surf .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
The plot is well constructed , since the beginning becomes quite gripping .
The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
In the present world television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
There was one old granny who was beat up .
We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .
He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
Public transport is suitable for those who have no own car .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .
She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .
The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .
My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
In December 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the police .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
The ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
A new way of transport mut be included .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
I did n't have anything news about you .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
I like this sport because it is a simply healthy sport that respects my body .
A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .
My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
purpose score most points .
I 'm sure is very heath for your body .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Could you describe me her ? .
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
Besides , I also so good at dealing with people .
Best regards , and look forward to your good news .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .
He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
Who brink up ?
Of course no .
Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .
She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .
There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
People like cycling alone the river .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
Since that moment all have been problems .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
You must n't play only but you must with team .
My first match of handball was in 5 class .
On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
This words did that I was starting more
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Places that you can visit : mountains , see and lakes .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
Everything is possible as long as we have effort .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
You can have several dish such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
his woman before the date of wedding .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
This restaurant only has a little problem .
Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
yes becouse yes
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
other frinds coll poles .
Polles came with big investigation .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
they cache them .
after tow days he was confess .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
My favourite sport is box because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
I liked the most in a wax museum .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
The travelling by car it 's very bad .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
The actual system is not possible stand long time .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
The first item in my collection is ABC book .
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .
You will see it when you leave the train .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
It was the prefer of Michael .
Lionel was the best friend of Michael .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is other opinion .
my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Firstly I thought
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I do n't like the public transport of school .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
The taxi so it is .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel same destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .
The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .
first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .
I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
Find your joy in scary movie
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
It 's proven that to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go abroad .
You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .
Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
I play online with any people from the world .
I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
There was a nice spring morning .
When she made step out , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
World change by time .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
You and me can see us .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with which , the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
It runs behind the ants and flies .
my firs job was baby sitter .
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
I grew up in a parent family .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
They learn and understand very good English .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
I hope yours news .
Sincerely
Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
One of them which I like most is badminton .
Why my favorite sports is badminton ?
There are some reasons .
Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
of fun and play with family or friend happily .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
I was very happy because it was my first competition .
Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us is more comfortable our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
hello ..
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with other countries people .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
On the streets there is a little warm .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
But I never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
I have some to tell .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
- I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
.All about me
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
In the gym they are many people .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hope your positive awnser to me .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Of course , everything always have two - faced .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
It was murdered four vampires .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .
I have a lot of interest but my favourite is volleyball .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
The public transport is slow and have got much people .
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
Everyone wear that he wants .
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .
I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
Because , It 's my project .
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
Hi there ,
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
At last , it is not expensive at all .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
I read this news , now .
I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
All of us need air\water and food .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
And it face another question : morality .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .
It makes farther or mother more convenient !
And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .
This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
The advance of technology in the last years has been awesome .
Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .
In the present , computers are multifuncional .
In my last week went to Florida with my family .
Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
It was really enjoyable and funny .
Now a day , more and more people have their own car .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Many people think that for badly behaviour of young people are responsible their parents and they should be punished for that .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .
It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
Suddenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .
At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
it all started when I found a book on the bus .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .
I have 6 people in my house .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay night in your own car .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
According to these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .
Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .
As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
I hope that in the future there will not be any war by the economic crisis .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
Fdi can play important role in it .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .
May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .
While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
Than we set for Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
I did not think two times .
I and my classmates with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
These days are educating themselves by watching the television .
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
what is that ? " he thing .
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
I know it 's too late but hope you guys will support me .
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
find only a ball and a hoop and play it .
than the practice makes the rest .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
My mammy told the story in night .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
She works at a language school in local University .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .
She was so scared and frightened .
She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
I hope to come you here .
He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
You must can gain a great experience .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
Always infront on your public .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
Debates is a combat
But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work in it .
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .
In this way the streets are always dirty .
In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
The 3 musics were even known in 1963 .
And after this everybody started to change there type of music .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
I consider the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
The aim of this report is to outline what are shopping facilities in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .
In addition , the water issue is another big problem .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
My grammar and spellings are week .
The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
Michael though that it was time to do something .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
The difficult is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
For all rules have exceptions .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
The French army before came back to France destroyed it .
Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
I hope that you are funny like me .
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
hoping for your answer
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
It leep me positive mood .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .
Once or twice on a week to ride .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
All the people can do this sport .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
Cars will be safer and speeder than now .
way to move from place to another .
There is no word to explain .
On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
Where we could visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
The concert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .
I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
OMG , I can stop imagine until now .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .
It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
the young people feel happy more .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .
It is against author 's assertion .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
Yeah , fist time is ok .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
finally public transport system is not safe as always .
To who ever it goes ,
I am expecting your answer .
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
I was 7 years old when I played first time .
We were happy with this .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
To begin , all is very difficult here .
First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
So , why not television can not educate us ?
For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .
No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass through .
Those times car is convenient to use .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .
I work for a coffee shop in center city .
One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
For all that , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .
I also have confronting problem skill .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
However we should be balance from the both types .
Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .
He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
I 'm a worker person and I like children .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
My experience of this job y longer .
my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding career in our life .
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
The more I can perform the much I can gain .
I 'm writing top you with great news .
I tell you about the concert which I was last month .
They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
Possible we will in a space or underground .
It can be with the flowers .
But I think that not many change .
They do not look like big white ball .
Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
The first reason is no other than generation gap .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
homever the football is so competitive .
the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
And it is going to be for all the eternity .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
In fornt lives the richard 's family .
The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
We have a commercial center very nice .
Will we can to compress ducts manually ?
Do we have to buy one new special machine ?
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
Every time I have a lot of energy .
I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
I had been working in sport events like organizer .
I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
The city has its own public transportation system , waste management system .
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
My family is my best friend to me .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed at earliest .
There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Deer headteacher ,
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
When I was eighteen years old , I went out of my home .
I lived in a residence for two years .
We usually eat housemade food .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go everyday walking through it .
There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
Rest ... aurant .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
Which was the reason ?
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
This girl is an acquantance him .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .
In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
Hope to hear from you soon !
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
It is situated on the inland .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .
The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
Every day I used to taking public transport .
A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
It 's used to public transport .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
After that , it hasn't a driver room .
Have you ever have this experience ?
When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .
Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I never ever wanted to be selfemployed .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .
Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
it was 4 am and she had none answer .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
I like new challenges to be better with myself .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't finish .
currently a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
Lima is one of the cities with less road culture in the world .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
I could start when you tell me .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .
The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
reception who can speak another language over Italian .
I 'm very glad to read you again ,
trips are longer on public transport or by car .
In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .
This is such a chronic problem in all my country .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
Because everyone has a place in the bus .
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places with us .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .
So it prevents us to open maps to confirm every single route .
Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
Your sincerely ,
what you think ?
I engaged in swimming in nine years old .
Third , swim can get more friend .
You can try this sport from now on .
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
I am less having a cold .
I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
I used to work full - time jog .
I expect a positive response .
If you come let me know do you like meat ?
First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but in case I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
With reference to your advertisement in the current issue of the summer camp job , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills for job with children .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
What a pity , that you haven't been there .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because there 's a lot of fun .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
Two months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
The difficult to learn something .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life currently .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
Sincerely ,
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
However , the structure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
Dear Madam and Sir
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
Just follow the day regimen .
But you can switch on some special morning tv - shows .
- just follow the day regiment .
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
Waiting for your answer .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to it about .
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
Michael was a 25 years boy .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
Many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
Just like playing a game .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
At the start of the 20th century , almost no - body had a car .
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are match with plastic .
In order to do n't waste energy .
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
This results in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without table - fixed times .
Despite , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
But in the 17th century there happened a miracle .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
But the lucky was n't with me !
I like watching it because in this programme I can get a lot of information .
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
Carefully , your Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but it really was n't any sound !
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch him .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
Not to mention the combustible .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
My transport is blue like the sky .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet with local population .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
During these years I have changed three times around pools .
Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
When mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
At the beginning , this was a much controversial decision .
This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
We took the local bus and we arrived at ten in this place .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
I went to bed and sleep .
And shoot all down .
There was very dark .
At last , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
It is another way to discover one culture .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
If we develop our different knowledge areas , we will achieve a better world .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that makes not any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September on .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
I always considered football as a piece of art .
There expectations will be considered unuseful .
It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
I had never been very frightened until one day that something strange happened .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another age of history .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but life is life .
I have not moved since that .
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
The shops close at around six and eight o'clock in the evening .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about there clothing .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of car existences .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and setting goal .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
But do n't they deserve to have more private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
I can speak English good but not fluently .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
Everyone can find right his styles , so I recommend it .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know many young people .
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without recognise by other people , without giving autographs and taking photos .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
How is it to be famous ?
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
It is a big pressure .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my life .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
Good Morning :
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is full of working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places of the Earth .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the staff advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Your faithfully ,
Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters are being the cruellest one .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much what they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
My CV in enclosed .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
I have to be honest and recommend all of you this magic place .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
In addiction tickets were too expensive .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially robots .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
sincerely
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Finally , it is environmentally .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as below :
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
Another reason for using their own car is that easy access in a second .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
Your sincerely ,
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
However , other people think in the opposite direction .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love watching scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it does not use carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
To cope with the problems of over - population and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
Firstly I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
I will be happy to send you my CV and motivation letter .
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
I would be happy if you considered me in the case there are vacancies .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
Harry and Alice are seven and one years old .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , action and adventure .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things differ from other places in the visiting city .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
One of the downsides you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and very miserable .
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
In others sports no .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
Y truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
Probably because I do n't like team sports .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
It was a ring which was given away by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
He talked about a plan about Sanabria .
He set up plan and he made true .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
The pollution of many car is so much .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
There are widely different views on the public transport future .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I was .
In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
I saw your advertisement looking for a kids monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
Thay can really damage the reputation of someone .
My first though was : " God , let her live her life !
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
The never been noticed girl , Celine .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirt he is . '
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
Michael got frozen . '
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
In contrast , the professor argues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damage .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
Believe you will never regret choosing me .
Sincerely ,
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
Yours Sincerely .
The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , the workers should tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time still .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
The price of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
A big city with more than one million people .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
But they also where the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
There are though a problem with jobs .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every chapter new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet that it would make me happier .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
When I see him and ask him how do you do .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a human or not .
The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
I used to go running there .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
We were five people .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
I have had two previous places of employment .
Sincerely yours ,
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , however I would like to spend my time in the right things .
Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
Transport has always been a mayor problem .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an English preparation course as soon as possible .
As you know I just moved too a new town .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
I 've always laughed so much !
First of all , our generation youth people are more
open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
it depends what season your doing the festival .
When autumn , winter
Maybe colorful and cool blankets when someone gets
give those people one good international festival .
Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I like very much to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
But if you are lucky you can park .
It was n't common from her side .
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
" He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
Reasons why television has inherited this reputation are several .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have lived eve .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
It has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need much time to visit all of them .
People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
At present there are many means of transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
Having a car takes much money .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked at designated area .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
It will be a new public transport .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Always been free .
The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Some of them are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
From the airport to my house there are just 5 minutes .
Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But I think that this wo n't be able to do .
I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt nervous enough .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
There are two opposite opinions about military service .
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
Others consider that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
Finally , there is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook the food .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
People are young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
Poor Mimi!.
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving next 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train which let me reach Brighton ?
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal one .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
Oberon 's use of magic is mainly used to help people .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
It has been suggested to offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but for the experience that it could bring them .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
I hope your answer soon .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people to television programmes that are watched currently .
It is said that you are that you are wearing but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions to the Club 's new facilities .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
Sincerely ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
As people feel comfortable in there own vehicle .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Firstly , many people think public transport has not future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of energy .
The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
Once finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
Among young people exist a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
Ms / Mr head of department :
Thanks
Sincerely ,
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and wherever you want .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
So , what are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
One day in the afternoon , they were on the way home .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
I find myself not on the same wavelength with such an idea .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
When he looked down the bathroom he saw something on the floor .
Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
There are two things that most impinge my life .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And at last , it is really fun to play .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I have of something .
It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
To travel by train is not an option for me .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
Even thought it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
Best wishes
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
But firstly he had to pass the exams .
He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
I play football twice a week as minimum .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
There are my answers to your questions .
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
Some days we have a long trip too .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
It is a piece of work indeed .
In the end all went fantastic .
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
To sum up , if you follow my options you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
Monday I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
These actors paid full attention to convenience the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It 's inside that count .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the living qualities .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I also recycle my old paper material such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
There was a big surprice - party in the forest .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
When they got to the loction the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
He entered the office to control the luggage .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
Main materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons ; firstly it offers a traditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dine - in .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
no exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
It took me much to admit this again fact .
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
No one can tell how it will be like .
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
There are so many opportunities which card to lay and which colour is trump .
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
Dear J.T.Reevs
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from sort to another .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
I would not rather say yes .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
I do n't know what to write more .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
I cook every day different and healthy dishes for the whole family and they love it .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was a message of error both times .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on the cloth .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
My likes about films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
What does it happen ?
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
How will be our life in the future ?
However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
The streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
On the one hand , overspending money .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something , they can save money for university and they become more independent .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
They also have to remember that it is a game of contacts .
Thanks god , I live right in the front of one big park .
I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
Although , there are not showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
-So , John ! How is it going ?
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
In Extremadura , the second transport most used is the bus .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
Being fit it 's nice ! :)
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
Firstly , because they gain independence therewith .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
For example , it is no parking space required .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend much time searching for it .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
Your sincerely ,
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly , which are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
It was the day of her birth .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
Every day , Tom walks next to the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
Initially , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The flew chart shows six main steps in terms of making bank notes .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
At last , all of
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the period of exam .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
You can see how the building built in the olden days there .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
It once was just a simple cmetery but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Sincerely
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
Children often use them to go to and back from school , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
They can climb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to several reasons .
Secondly , taking into account of long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
It deserves to be mentioned the great variety of rice and noodles - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
The most historical place in Spain , it is the city of Cáceres .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and very clean .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China by some examples .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
Otherwise , they learned mostly about literature , poetry .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
People who come here are so many .
To climb to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful view such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Besides , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of strong body try this marathon .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
Best wishes .
My name is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I live in Romania .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
- There in a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
Sincerely yours ,
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
I believe that it would be a good idea to fall in the cost of some activities .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
How the English say : better the devil you know .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
Wishing seeing you soon .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where to read peacefully .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level of particular language .
It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
We can get a lot of up to date information around the world through watching television .
I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
Thereafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
Since the public transport , it decrease people
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
Such experience has been an eye - opener for me .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
Thanks in advance .
Sincerely ,
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis at the moment !
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
Hope to hear from toy soon .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
however you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking forward to an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring happiness to people .
First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
Besides , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told you- organised .
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
First I completely agree with this but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Moreover if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
Unfortunately , in the last years television has lost this educational focus .
It was the end of a hard work 's day so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
And the last but not the least thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
Credits to the last one , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
The only thing they have in common are eyes , taken from their mother .
Rest is anything but completely different .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
However , when she had arrived there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
Only then I realised that there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned for respite ?
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
I read your email yesterday but I had n't had the time to reply yet .
In my family we are five people , my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
I compete in skiing and I think it 's very funny . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
I read pretty much and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to say because then it is not going to be fun to see the movie .
One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
Michael felt himself strangely , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
Generally , bands played great , but of course there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in so terrible situation .
I discovered the English language when I was eight , and that amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's great universities and educational system .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
The castle is very big and you will need some hours to visit it .
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
I am always willing to help in anything . I can be very creative when in comes to fun things .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing , that recently happened to me .
It was n't my dreamy job , but it really repayed .
By the way , I met there your exgirlfriend with her new boyfriend .
Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
We havent't talked for ages " .
We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on it so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as an inseparable reality from man , whereas it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
I am a 20 year old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John Ambulance .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to undertake any minor or major health problems that might arise .
I value this friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
As evidenced by the school visit toured by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we opine your school vision has been managed to a large extent .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilities our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer group .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Some parents would grasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet with him , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
In my view , I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personality development .
This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet with them .
For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if one member was lost in our family .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and fowls ' chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
However I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps as we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
We live in the mass consumption century , when it requires more and more time of our daily routines .
If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in grocery store .
When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
She always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
Instead the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the idea of freedom , fraternity and equality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poetry of the period .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners in the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all the God 's creatures .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger for white - collar - worker , but it can also harm their health .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food to be a part of their daily diet .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , thereby not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
During the first months , he relationship between a mother and a child rapidly develops .
Development of emotional and psychological problem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure to use appropriate anti conception .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life threatening.pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
I assisted to policy making forums and events where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date comparing to that of other countries is the way teachers get in touch with students and transmit them their knowledge .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
We 've planed a nice event to celebrate my 50 .
I have just started teaching a new , face to face group of adults .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal that obese adolescents ' ratio is rising .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop their social and intellectual skills .
It was found that there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion time when comparing tasks from students with basic knowledge and the one from another group .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires much time .
However , there is some debate that it is against ethics to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
However , disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
In small cities it is easiest to travel by car .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is plenty of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
Though you might be fighting for long and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
I would definitely recommend whoever would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
I 'm glad I finally heard from you after all this time .
Furthermore there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
This can only be explained because he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
Even though , there 's a sentence that can confuse anyone .
It is always interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign language comfortably .
You may find the first initial stages of real stress .
In my opinión running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to start moving and getting fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
The lecturer 's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
To conclude , the lecturer discords with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the cane toads spreading problem .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning five outing !
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a socie ty were respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer form his / her own conclusions .
Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
However , there are various negative aspects to using com - puters .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one o one activities that enhance their learning process .
Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites useful to improve their language skills .
Because of all these reasons , I highly recommend taking into account Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
As a typical Brazilian I have a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most public recognized - is the automobile .
The moment you pass the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back in Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had never received packages before !
The only post ever sent to me was an anniversary card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
If only I had looked a bit better where I placed my feet ...
Children and elders ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
In order to give brief information on them I would like to touch on some of them .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left corner of the room .
To sum it up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my mine aims .
Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more awarding .
However , with that being said , in my opinion , there is still a lot of future for public transport .
Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideration .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets would be disposaled .
Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all books .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection like a present .
I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was on the whole qualitative .
I would strongly recommend the youth to take up this sport .
Sportive activities might boots the student 's overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking or order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
Cooking classes will helps students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating healthier because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only a very few controls are done on the quality of what it 's actually broadcast .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
The absence of the parents or the fact they usually have no control nor way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have it either .
However , the use of public transport , especially in high density cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
I m 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
I love kids , and i m very outgoing .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I wait with excitment your response .
Not concerning the harsh environment but her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and such problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
The majority of the space was taken up by a U shape marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
My tea was brought out with teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
The smell was wondrous from the lavender while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
It has been a long while since I last met . you and dad .
Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located aside Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat raw fish and would like to put it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
It makes me arouse a feeling of nausea .
My second advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
The worst player is those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best one is them who put their full trust in their teammates .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and learn the language constantly .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people like paparazzi , journalists .
Michael had been running on fumes all week .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing was n't anything but the worst .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2500 years ago in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering thai - food dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
The waiters go out of their ways ' .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online thereby .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and without watching her walked out of the bar .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
-You only have one opportunity to cause a good first impression- he said to himself .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned on and off the light of his bedroom eight times .
-Yes , come in , please- .
He liked her at first .
And congratulations for the baby!- His boss looked at him in anger:- Do you think that I am pregnant?- .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all- .
A must for all tourists although they do n't want to buy anything is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city but there are much more to discover !
And you never , ever , will contact with other people .
You have not wait till it arrives and it is never late .
But sincerely there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers and family conciliation .
In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Not always car is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far more convenient to use underground than a car during the rush hour .
Driving a car is also more tiring , driver must be concentrated all the time .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
Implement a tutorial to facilitate the usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
Although it had been a tiring day she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
The next days the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a little State located in South America .
She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
It gives us much pleasure and many moments of joy .
You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around .
I think that everyone must do all to be healthy .
If I have free time I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
Violent programmes , reality shows and others alike have nothing to teach .
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
But it 's not just the acting that it 's great in the film .
During vacations I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
I did not go to Hogwarts not turn my brother into a frog .
We three counldn't sing together nor make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion world after a few years ) .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading he newspapers , the forecast weather , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
I 'll be left with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the uncommon charity organisations , to the ones who need more help .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The second advice is you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
If you want to go to Vigo or other city which is near , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
The coaches are slow , so most of the people prefer the car .
Dear Mr./Ms .
I am happy that you have chosen to spend the following year in my country .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
There were many visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help in communication .
Since I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so graciously .
On the other hand , I always loved classical music .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told to the best part yet !
Given the learning experiences in the past two year 's school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in such segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
One intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
Not all people can afford travelling by car every day so they choose public transport .
The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
The by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in France " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only except near native speakers .
It 's better to talk British and force it on them .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact to put aside in order to build our flat step by step .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the most adjacent accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
Luckily enough , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
How can one know they got the talent ?
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occur due to social media and poverty .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
Second advantage of doing martial arts is how to respect others .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice to control their inner energy , and also to respect .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in the same way that when you read the book .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time rather than in the lesson plan its self .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
It is surprising the amount of nice people next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new friends .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
Suddenly I felt my whole body itching me , mom took me upstairs .
How is the experience of learning another language ?
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , flurry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew over the population .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
overall I just love children
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
It 's very cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
Especially , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also other person 's life .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to move themselves around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and if you want to go somewhere you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep on my heart even if they are god or bad .
Now on days , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
His deep chuckles still made butterflies in her stomach .
Next we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
Technically minded and with good problem resolution skills , I am able to work effectively in fast paced and ever changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
The thief couple made their way to the main building .
They got with the receptionist
Just how a coin has two sides , television too , has its pros and cons .
presently we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
Many affordable bus and metropolitan passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
An example of that it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
It 's an activity that you need to do every day , now that it 's a good way to keep fit .
It is in these moments where I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
The fist day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls , for example waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
I can easily give it a five star rate because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that can happen in real life .
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from the ones of the parents .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to the ones of the parents would be a great help in the children raising process .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
Restpectfully ,
In France , where the film is made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many dishonored names .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
Therefore , he concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive at proper place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English very well .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in life .
Private care per individual is needed .
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has , in terms of domestic abuse .
But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer it .
Children quite often feel guilty of can not avoid these troubles or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously do not .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
Smoking appeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief for a short period of time , that is also quite reasonable .
So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
For the same reason government needs to control the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
In brief , there will be serious consequences in terms of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
It 's to early to talk about love at this day and age .
Well , that question has been ringing in my mind for so many months .
They will always love you base on your looks then personality .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , watch the landscape or do other things at the same time .
And if you do that then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
He was home alone baby - sitting his two year old sister .
He did n't have time to get scared because all what he was thinking was why he does n't wake up at once .
To some up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do whatever that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all four !
I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon till we meet again .
I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find where I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
I had to carry on to fight to stay alive !
Hello Sir / Miss .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year old daughter .
I am also quiet experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially at the age of early teenage years .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
Therefore , I call to action .
It may sound weird or even wrong for some people , because there are many of them that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
They are of great influence on younger people .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to act to this wrong example .
1- Most of the patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma as in elderly people especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
When Alison came to she did not see any people .
The script is made of pure gold .
Dear Prof . Findlay ,
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food science related topics .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
Now days , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
All things considered we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and in no time everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
Looking forward to your reply .
According to supporters of it , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
The other benefit is about human life .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
As you know , I helped at a concert of U2 last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
It was , of course , a ones in a lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
This means that the food being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bring it into markets , have been proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
However , because there are some disadvantages in GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
For example , only 10% percent of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
Unlike the boys the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport at leisure .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
The female respondents are more fond of reading books that the male ones .
For example , 53% of the female students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
The young people of both sexes prefer to be on - line or playing computer games at leisure .
In the former , people have ability almost equally , and value interpersonal relationship .
These types of culture will oppositely exist in the future as an effect of social media sites .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you could n't want to go back again .
To wrap up the article I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language especially if you 're a student .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
It is very hard to lead a normal life , when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and first of all , what you do .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it putting the signature .
However , Facebook , as well as many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
And also , lets not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The Soviet Union collapse has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
So long as for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in the American society .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support by the military forces , failed three days after .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
The dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
It is clearly seen that there is still much room for survival for public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
But how about the future further far away ?
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we can never predict how far it can go .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but also does it strengthen relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
He uses to travel from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
As a free lance , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
Access to sevreal public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
However , metros and buses are equipped with such a powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , this is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Berlusconi and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
Switzerland is a small country also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying B.A. Anglistik and economics .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
I am a 23-year - old student in a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
Furthermore , I speak a little French .
It demands physical effort , being and excellent way to keep fit .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are that traces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
It is a sport that develops no only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
But , provided that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
Besides , I have undertaken an internship at the HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
By Twitter , users post opinions or comments narrow to 140 characters .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
During our dating he was very charming and attentive .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss just to have some love moments .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't aloud to since so long .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy crashed her and she fall to the ground .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could amend his fault .
Several announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save nature .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and not surprisingly finally they fall in love .
Except classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without going out of home .
The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
By the time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
They started to put small cones in one line with a bit of space in between .
However , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
Singapore could be the place that you would find everything you are looking for .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and extravaganza shopping experience , this is the right place .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
Secondly , art as well as advertising is such a large part of our everyday lives .
There are elements of art .
There are principles of design .
Advertising has similarities with the art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
It consists of eight part : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for doing a play and A few final thoughts .
They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
Reasons for doing a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike follows the security instructions .
First of all , I met many people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
At first you have to know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants con use mobile banking to send money home .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they do not longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
The first 30 years all was going good , but suddenly something bad happened .
Since then , they never spoke again .
She picked me up to her house .
Louis was convinced that this new project will be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read about science , inventions , and stay up to date with the news .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new?-
He did trust the company , but not that much for them to know everything he thought .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a mass of positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyal reward program .
My thoughts about mechanical design were somewhat match with the information that is provided in the first three weeks .
This is because despite having experience in industrial design , I was never taking part in the design process from the initial stage .
However , this also is an opportunity to meet up and work with them every week , whose English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
In today 's world , due to the fact the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue about water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries undergoing poverty .
Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
In this way , those states of drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are flying on the sky , over the clouds .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light as well as the film actor .
So I would say those types of acting are even in the sense of external factors .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes that acting pieces perfect .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
The underground it 's in the airport and it 's very easy to reach because you just have to follow the signs .
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanish , seventeen years old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
While I do not wish top continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
But I ca n't imagine in can be as bad or worse then my current job .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the first of his class .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Otherwise I could sell both tickets and we can have a look if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work within and cross - border contracts .
Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations from Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color , known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination from one race to another .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they were suffering , and to fight to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society where threatened in the most denigrating ways , men were the undisputed authority in the house .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and it 's obstacles .
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffed but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities were they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
He made her feel bad so why would she do n't do the same ?
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hell like existence .
Could bliss we found in dead ?
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies , when I have a bad mood .
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know that I am thinking about things .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of accident .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , than the consumer must use more of good X. When you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
That is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertising .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
What is more , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
Nos I am studying German .
The peak of his career was in the early 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
I rather call that a life style .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of the Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; instead the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results are translated into millions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
More students would be attracted when the school government made some changes in the learning system .
Therefore , it is needed to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
The place remembers the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two halls and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us , the service is really rapid and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
We have to go fast from one place to another , just to be in time for fulfilling next task or activity .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid not , they 've been working so much !
They worked all day long , restlessly , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
It slowly rustles and clatters and it 's pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
Technology allows us to do and learn in one life 's time more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising stupid stuff .
It is one os the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
My personal opinion cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
The age between 13 to 19 is the revolutionary one .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in number of viewers and players .
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time untill the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitment that only the uptempo style of play can provide .
The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball players the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
However , possibilities to make the youth healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless that it may compromise their kid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
Contemporarily , the most wide - spread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
Little known is what was the role played by music in his life and how was his relationship with it previous to his first deed .
The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10 000 hours of training .
Either of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time demanding and presumably expensive dedication .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and practising outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
That 's because there 're many scientific facts have been revealed .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine but going to Cornwall , however , might be a little of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
Last month a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 of 40 years ago .
But a disadvantage it that cars maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and safer .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place , therefore we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .
We have just started worrying about that but the actions in course are far from enough .
Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
AIESEC members live an integrated development experience .
For example , if they do not have enough money that is needed to have home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get a financial support by government .
Little by little , he grew interest in working .
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
But incinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destruction of the habitat of wildlife .
Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but also does deforestation .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and now , it will be blown away by the wind .
However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it helps t people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
Because not may people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
Strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
In fact informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
Since I worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
So there was nothing better to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , instead she thought she 'd heard her scream .
All of the messages include the girls ' secrets oh Allison knew .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is a show Allison was murdered while " A " turns their lives into hell .
I was wondering if you do n't mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher .
