The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
I am keen on running during the night time .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
Obviously , you are late for work , even if you have an appointment to have an interview for a job .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
I remember I woke up at 6 o'clock to take the train and went to Paris in France .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
I often finished up very tired because I never did sport .
What I like about running is going to the mountains and enjoying the landscape .
What I like about cycling is doing routes and very long paths .
Nowadays , our local government is making some decisions to improve the situation .
Some activists plant trees in spring .
I am writing this letter to complain about the CPU that I bought last week .
I will start by introducing my favorite family members .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
The second aspect is , people could help by paying more tax to buy new buses .
We went to Hyde Park and sat on a bench .
Afterward , we went to study at different schools , so , we were separated for ten years .
Everybody thinks public transport is not comfortable for us , but environmentally , public transport is good for decreasing pollution and our energy sources are also decreasing .
Also , they do not have to find a place to park either .
Nowadays , the cost of buying a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
We can stop anywhere we want to stop .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
Television can be a useful instrument if it is used with caution . Therefore , I recommend using it less to prevent damage to the mind .
Thank you very much for writing me this letter .
She thought he was so boring , but she did n't want to be alone . she did n't know how to live on her own and Emily was utterly terrified of being alone .
The purpose of this report is to make people more aware of the importance of taking care of the environment in order to eradicate this problem which has serious consequences nowadays .
That 's the decent way to reduce the adverse environmental impact and we will be able to protect our Earth .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
It is an app that people use to save gas and money .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
She would get dressed up as an old woman .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
After the revolution , construction will be used to represent the success of the revolution .
We do n't have enough time today ,
I dream of being a Business Administrator when I 'm older . First , I want to work for a sports company like UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
It has a big mall that has recently been opened , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons . First of all , we had the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
You stand in a queue to buy a ticket .
To sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
When Jake said that , we started to roar with laughter , but then , another friend suggested the idea of making a home movie .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things , we are always working to earn more money , we do n't meet our neighbours , for example .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
In particular , I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
The other reason for my opinion is that almost all people prefer using the eyes and ears to other people , rather than write and listen to understand new things .
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
So we have to watch the national news to keep us connected .
Micheal was afraid . He waited for Sara to get out . He went to the shore to see if she came from the other side , but he found no footprints . His mother called him and he went home still thinking about Sarah . It was night and he was afraid to go there again . He went to sleep . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Many organizations work to raise the environmental awareness of pupils , so people are more concerned about environmental pollution .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Scientists and researchers jointly work to reduce carbon emissions .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
I ask myself If I had the possibility to change the world , would I try to do all that in your hands .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping into your own car .
A good user experience will be good for collecting data and be good for making decisions in commerce .
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
While I am in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested in attending Drama , they would not let us not play even a simple character .
I think this because the new technologies are created by people to improve our habits .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
It is better to finish studying first , then go to work or have relaxation with travel .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part in reducing the carbon dioxide emissions from my car .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
The fastest option for going on holidays
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
Last time I played we won 14 to 5 .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
We need more of this type of organization across the world and there are a lot of students ready to help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
television serves the dual purposes of entertaining and educating people . In order to cope with the competitive world and get recognized in the corporate world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
He went back home to get ready for school and he tried to forget what he had seen , but he could n't .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
People should eat less fast food and do regular exercise to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Easy availability also tempts us to fast foods .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provides an ever accessible source of information that otherwise would not be to hand .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
As we were saying , the new ecological movement is increasingly more powerful and charismatic . Due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age . They are also linked to the new fashion of being a hipster .
This facility helps the general populace to save money , because usually this transport is the least costly .
In spite of that , he was dressed on time .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel did n't have anything to eat ....
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
This sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about leaving this sport , because lately , I hate blood , so I think a lot about leaving this sport , but it is dominated to me .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
In most parts of Europe , people still prefer public buses instead of cars for travelling .
Public buses prevent more cars from polluting the environment .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient for travelling , it is not enough to being an end to public transportation .
When I go out to the countryside , if I lunch there , I take care to clean the ground .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
This major involves everything . We always have to consider all the possibilities to complete homework , you have to know the maximum possible information to be able to complete it .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
This experience helped me a lot because I became much more responsible , not only with those boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I have two brothers and one sister ) and I learned the meaning of working and earning money .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
I know that you have experience in searching got the best employees and you have quality .
As the technological world is moving fast , the automobile industry is also coming up with new types of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
For example , the way of preparing food can be dangerous because a lot food has artificial things that are not good for us .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
All that you need to become a runner is motivation and a plan .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
Shoes are to protect and prevent your health . You have got only one pair of feet , look after them .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
I am excited about the idea of being with and interviewing other students from different parts of the world .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficient clues to identify the guilty party .
Irritated , John understands Agatha 's difficulties and , before going away , he calls Agatha without Michael to tell her another important thing .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash our clothes .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products to furniture .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which have been grown by local farmers .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late to save our wonderful world .
I intend to write every day to practise my writing .
Family can take the bus from place to place , instead of driving .
So he used to his ability to time travel for his family .
When they go to work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
In my opinion , it 's useful for playing football .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
At 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
Then we set off for Dhaka .
They prefer industrialization to nature .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
Very quickly he got up and tried to put that sensation out of his head , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and countryside .
He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find the wirepuller .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
But I think that public transport is the future . We need to preserve the environment , this is an imperative for our world , and the solution is to take the point that the governments invest more in public transport , so people do n't need to get a car to be able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
You are responsible for your workers and customer satisfaction . However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is growing and your customers returning because they loved your work .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
Of course , he did not think twice and went to print out his CV because the interview was that day . Then he took a shower and dressed for the occasion .
Finally , it is the safest way to travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Therefore , I prefer a boat for travelling , instead of a train or a plane .
Every weekend , I used to go to Ensenada to visit my family , my boyfriend and my friends .
The population is growing so fast , we need public transportation . It is important .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on the use of water by 50% using a recycling water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the waste and so saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element for speaking English . If you know grammar , you only know certain rules for writing , but I think that speaking is more important than writing , because when you go to any place in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you . In this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you wo n't understand anything . But here is another topic . Whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to understand what the person is trying to say .
For example , if we completely rely on using cars it is going to increase the use of gasoline .
I am very excited about seeing Kevin Heart and Will Ferrell 's characters come together .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited about seeing this movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
I have no particular problem helping them , but I often have some doubts about suggesting a place to go shopping .
I advise anyone who dreams of being a member of the most famous teams to work on himself a lot and play football a lot to be professional in this sport and show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan in advance .
I 'm very talented at working with people .
I would like to be considered for work in your cafe during the weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currently studying to be a chef .
I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
When he was escaping from the prison , he bumped into an old friend callled Charlie .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
To differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
So it has become a fashion to use private vehicles , which creates a lot of problems . A big one is the traffic problem .....
It brings happiness and beauty to us .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars to travel in the city .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
For example , people should cooperate in intervening to bring peace to the world , to stop war in many areas like the United Nations is doing .
For that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher to call my parents so I could go home .
We do not respect traffic rules and drive only with the intention of going as fast as possible to our destination . This often causes traffic accidents and congestion .
I usually take public transport to go to the University , because public transport is cheaper than a car .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
People spend their first salary on buying a car .
I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
This may cause people to get to their particular destination late .
The difficulty of learning something .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
If you do not have enough time to exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation for being a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons for the success may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
He was afraid of losing her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Of course , it is not a solution for long distances , but step by step , the traffic problems will improve .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand out study guides to the students .
There are many people that offer themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and have been very helpful in making the city cleaner and more attractive .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm sorry to tell you that the temperature might fall .
Just to save time ?
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
I think that it is a really good option to get experience and to do different and interesting things , like organise sports activities and fun activities for children .
Michael showed his strength and his attention to detail , working days and nights with his engineers .
In this area there are many fields where wind turbines have been built to use the wind and generate electricity .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
For example , if you go to work in England , you can say goodbye to the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
Its multi - ethnic population was the reason for organising and holding the Festival of National Cultures every two years .
I 'm pretty excited about being in London from the 11th .
Besides , it gives me a motivation to train harder and never think of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicles for getting around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most people have changed their minds . They believe that public transport will be the main way to get around in the future for many reasons .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicles for travelling around the world , safely and cheaply .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong with letting kids enjoy the technology that has become part of our generation .
My town only uses electric cars because they do n't give off carbon dioxide .
The idea of finding a job that lasts three months is great .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps . I speak English , so I just want an opportunity to show you .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money to pay for university or simply for saving it .
People easily have accidents when driving on narrow or severely damaged streets .
However , the increasing rate of car ownership has been taking the place of public transportation , providing more convenience for getting around places and to places .
We do not have to worry about catching a bus or train at a certain time .
Look around you , crimes and death are surrounding us . All these people are dreaming of living a peaceful life without all the problems of killing and sadness .
Apart from that , I get on well with children and have no problems with working in the kitchens too .
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment to rescue them started .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility of discovering new types of drugs .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I get on well with kids .
The private companies try to keep all the public 's water , which is vital for living , rain is in danger ; even the rain …
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
If you are bored with seeing classical museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
In my life there are so many sports I like but there is one in particular that I love so much .
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason for doing this is that we need to do a lot of things during the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
Although this place offers a very good service for eating , you can bring your own food .
In order to build more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
He showed a distinct intellectual level compared to other students .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning to avoid the traffic jams to attend school , work , etc .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
Since he took up office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking more than forty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
Therefore , public transport plays an important role in mitigating global warming .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
he blurted out . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hugged her .
She had an accident today , so I have to stay here to care for her .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital in developing a better education system to build a knowledge - based society and a better future .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months could offer me a unique chance to grow as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
People are inculcating the habit of disposing of garbage at a defined place .
Secondly , the reason for my tendency to treat pets as family members , is that they have souls .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to his friends and thought about stealing the keys of one of their millionaire houses and having a party with his friends .
Today , Sandrine fainted during a fashion show .
We met to study frequently .
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work . I am interested in applying .
Television is very important for giving language skills to children .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also to sell only the parts of their lives they want .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chance of getting a great job .
Wrestling is done during the nighttime when the moon is out .
The problem with using our cars instead of public transport is pollution .
Those people could be politicians , film stars , singers , football players and so on , living in constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , Taiwan could not be sunk like Greece .
For a start , the convenience for us for travelling around would probably be one of the main arguments .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee to use a car , not much money like having a car .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get off at the right stop .
To sum up , no one knows the future . However , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save money and to reduce pollution .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
We were so excited when we went in .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
I 'm excited about seeing you .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find different flavours and sensations when cooking .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching down .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
People were given the task of writing a piece of writing of their choice using resources already provided by the institution in charge .
I 'm so excited about spending these weeks with you and I 'm really looking forward to meeting Eileen .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability to recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city for further study .
The young man dropped the backpack quickly and tried to run away .
These two movies give us a concept : no matter how bad their lives are , love can make people brave and help them find the value of their lives again .
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
I am very happy with the idea of encouraging public transport 's use because it makes cities a better place to live .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
She ate breakfast , dressed and went to work .
He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
If somebody in my family asks me for help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need to search for a parking space .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best to keep the attention of the children .
You can imagine how great the idea of leaving your own car and taking a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good for preventing accidents .
Computers can help you with your homework by finding the information you need .
For example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university . I did not realize that until I returned home . While I was on my way to the university , my little sister prayed for me to find my phone .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim of developing the thinking and creativity of students .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and checking the whole area in case there is something not normal .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait to be admired and appreciated .
Policy - makers could enact a law to reduce land development .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cyclist , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for fuel .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it off .
I have the pleasure of giving this essay to Ms .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ? With a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds to the flavor of their food .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dreamt of travelling everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved for processing by the managers .
I mean the timetable punctuality , time interval until the next bus and so on .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition of making a resolution list .
Some people think young people spend enough time on helping their communities . However , others disagree with the idea .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
Hopefully , I have a chance of being alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Drinking enough water would be good habit for enjoying not only soccer but also any other sport .
I received a call from my credit card company this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts to charge my credit card .
Television can be capable of both entertaining and educating at the same time .
It can be made from used clothes by patching and darning .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day . Despite that , I was happy to get away from crowds and shops .
You will notice how the improvements come without thinking too much .
When I saw that message , I was excited about persuading my friends to enter this competition .
And for those who like football but are scared of getting injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video games .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
I can imagine how difficult it can be , but calm down , you will find different things to do and make friends soon .
A lot of public services have been cut in order to save money .
Thus , the state makes no effort to fight it . Transportation now is very overcrowded and difficult , especially in the rush hour when people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock . The main reason for that is the increasing number of people in our country ( housing problems ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents have happened and a lot of people have died .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers would cut down all the trees , and the squirrels would lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
As a result , I failed one of my subjects because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
Another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destinations , which require planning and catching public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Overall , there are a number of causes for disagreeing with the suggestion that private transport is becoming more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late to complete assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
However , now , an increasing number of consumers and logistics companies have chosen airplanes , which can save a lot of time for transporting their parcels .
He built a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in society .
It contains not only the history but also the culture and customs , and it is the first official institute which you should not miss .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
- Last year there was a campaign to renew and repair the most attractive parts of the village .
But when I decided to sit out and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch to this day , asked me to play with him .
The angels move and attack freely only when people blink or turn their eyes away .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Then TV viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab blankets tight !
Anna feared that she would have difficulties coping with the expectations .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
They are usually aimed at avoiding hygiene problems .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
I might put a mirror on the inside of one of the wardrobe doors .
So , at most , I would put a fourteen inch one on the top of one of the bookcases .
It turned out to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknown country , a museum is not a wise option .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
I 'm very happy to read your letter and that you are coming to my beautiful country .
I 'm completely confident in recommending Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
I would like to start off with one of the most well - known malls , called " Donauzentrum " .
The other girls left earlier because they were preparing something special for her .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
Currently there are many means of transport , but if we talk about long distances , trains , planes and boats remain the most popular .
In short , the plane is one of the best options for doing it .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
I am sure that you will help me to realize my dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
The leader of the business must also have a way of handling active and innovative work to save time and money .
Basically , I like to travel by train to enjoy the view along the railway track .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
These big and expensive weddings waste a lot of money and time on preparation .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity to spend my summer in a more fun way .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only solution for them is public transport .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I try to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke something .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need to protect the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
This report has the aim of showing and discussing the main ways to reduce pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim of avoiding excessive CO2 emissions .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
In addition , junk food is very easy to find .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots for doing tasks .
Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design for future war as well .
Then we heard a loud noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior wearing golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decided to stay outside the vault . I ran into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One piece of good news is that I finally gave in and bought my first Smartphone .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new graffiti .
Moreover , it has led to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull for tourism .
Work and social life both play important roles in putting people 's lives together .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
From an environmental perspective , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping to preserve the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
He only agrees to take on cases nobody else can solve and most of the time he succeeds .
The first time I heard about volleyball , I was in my last secondary school year and we were invited to cheer on a local team during a regional tournament in Lima , Peru .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited about tating his artful presentation as it came to life !
Another aspect I would like to emphasise is the service .
And what if the car you 're driving breaks down ?
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken down car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse off .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
Despite people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your needs , who shares with you their innermost feelings and who is able to discuss possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Nevertheless , the police had found the buried body .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
The text discusses the idea of how advanced communication technologies give us the advantage of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons to support this .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest everyone cuts down on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down will purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
I am excited about applying for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
And , of course , to add an extra activity to my CV as I usually do every summer .
It was a narrow street lined by two - storey buildings on the ground floor of which shops and pubs were flashing their neon signs .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention of leaving him .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where to .
When you clock off at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
The Washington Post wrote : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared of facing new experiences and then we can miss a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think about trying to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involved in with the intention of winning .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set up a match .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a video of a felony with the expectation of identifying the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in response to the publication .
I could not have been more excited about joining my friends .
He loved the idea of descending to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
If not , the consumers of this product would end up buried .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
My mother said that it would be rude to go out at that time .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money to be able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious to create a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them . Actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings up , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
I would do my best to make their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , why do we have the need to feel superior to other people ?
We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost used it up .
It 's time to bring out the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Computer - based learning would be a great idea to attract more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
We have to go quickly from one place to another , just to be in time to fulfil our next task or activity .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising , as had been happening for the last few days .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near to hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea of doing it and decided to be a shaggy - girl .
We will use the money to build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did last year .
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest to SkillSelect .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press to make an announcement of the discovery .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in early infancy , as though this capability could be a celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
