I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
The most important option to travel is , by far , the plane .
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
You 'll wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
We need someone ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
All around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
The car is n't the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
Finally , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
People like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up .
·Others ideas to have fun
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
When I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I consider I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I 've done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family .
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
But let 's pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
