The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
I am keen to run during the night time .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
Some activists plant out trees in spring .
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
Thank you very much to write me this letter .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
She would get dressed as an old woman .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
We did n't have to enough time today .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
The fastest option to go on holidays
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash up our clothes .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .
I intend to write every day for practice my writing .
Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .
So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
Than we set for Dhaka .
They prefer industrialization over nature .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan to advance .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
People spend their first salary to buy a car .
I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
The difficult to learn something .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand in study guides to the students .
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
Just for saving time ?
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
he blurted . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
Television is very important to give language skills to children .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get out at the right stop .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
We were so excited , when we got on .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
I 'm nervous to see you .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability of recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
And the last but not the least thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need of protecting the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim to avoid excessive CO2 emissions .
And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots to do tasks .
Besides influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new ones .
Moreover , it leads to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull to tourism .
JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box up , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
He only agrees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of the time he succeeds .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited to taste his artful presentation as it came to life !
Another aspect I would like to emphasise on is the service .
And what if the car you 're driving will break ?
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it for yourself .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Nevertheless , the police had found out the buried body .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to entertain others .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them to purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
I am excited to apply for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
I mean it was a joke I made and I had no real intention to leave him .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where .
When you clock out at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
The Washington Post has written down : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
For instance if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we involve in with the intention to win .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set a match .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
I could not be more excited to join my friends .
He loved the idea to descend to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
If not , the consumers of this product will end buried .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option to transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
My mother said that it would be rude to go at that time .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious for creating a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , actually I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end up with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings out , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
I would do my best for making their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
We are all equal to God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right of living a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it .
It 's time to bring the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Computer - based learning would be a great idea of attracting more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
We have to go fast from one place to another , just to be in time for fulfilling next task or activity .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising up , as it had been happening for the last few days .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near at hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest in SkillSelect .
At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in the early infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow as child prodigy .
Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
