I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
After many years , he still dreamt of becoming a super hero .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
The most important option for travel is , by far , the plane .
People do not realize that cutting down a tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am interested in applying for .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive way .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
You 'll wake up early to go dancing , or take dance classes .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some types of sweet foods like cupcakes , cakes , cookies or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
We need someone prepared to work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
All around the world pupils are waiting to finish school .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
And thirdly , they might work to earn their own money or travel .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
I am interested in improving my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I took that decision because I was tired of trying to learn English and I did not have the level that I wanted , so when I heard about that opportunity , I said yes .
The car is n't the best way forward for transport , because it produces a lot of pollution , but public transport is better for a journey .
Finally , there is a risk of becoming a victim of theft and pickpocketing .
Even if it happens , there are many people who ca n't get a car , because it is too expensive , not only to buy , but for fuel , service and so forth .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
They died when John was too little to remember and he never knew what happened , so he went everywhere to look for them . He even walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
My father took me between his knees , because I could ski without falling over and it was fun .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
increase the number of trees and plants and punish people who cut them down .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
People like to have the freedom to travel comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
For this reason , many people do n't like to use public transport because they want to travel when they need to .
That was the main reason he wanted to end it .
·Other ideas for having fun
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
In addition , to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter should improve their futures by solving the personal privacy problem .
To do different kinds of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
When I feel stressed out , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and our classmates suspected Michael and I had stolen our classmate Sally 's wallet .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important for communicating .
But unfortunately , I have an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can pick me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
The door of his room was open . He came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light a cigarette .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the true protagonist and the way of telling the story is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
After her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden need to know what happened to her biological mother and why she gave Anna away .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a savings account in the UK . I 've done some research to find the best savings account for you .
One of their jobs is to watch over their human family .
Most people think that this year is for travelling to other countries and spending all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control of defence to any central body ,
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned . The tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
