It has a high density population because its small territory .
Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
Do you know mountain biking ?
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
They have no facilities than other countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
I play with them on the playground .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
We can do it at any time as we like .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
What happened with us .....
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
It was a well planned for a holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
He lives on the wild .
His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
Learning English is very important by the future of all .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .
That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
I am studying in Yung Feng high school .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .
My goal is an admission of National University .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
I go swimming a public pool .
I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
You also get to meet a lot of people in tournaments or even in normal games .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
I really want that you be happy with your new life .
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
As we know , in our days everything is possible .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution in our planet .
For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
But most of young society are not interested this type of music .
Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
Both are very important in my emotional stability .
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
We must think alternative solutions for this problem .
We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .
Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want in only one communication device .
And one consequence of this is they have health problems .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
He took a chair , staring her with rage . "
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
I play bike in the weekend .
At first we went to our hotel .
In the London Eye we can look all over London .
Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
On these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
I do n't know if I can agree to that but I listened to them . :)
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
It was a part of the borough castellan .
Now on the castle is a museum .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
My favorite way is Train .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
He is very good on this sport .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtown .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of the summer camp .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .
In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .
People ca n't dispense of cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense of cars .
We should be careful from careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
I agree with you about the future for public transport .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .
So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .
Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .
I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
Welcome in this town .
There are several big plazas in the center in the town .
At night , there 's another side in this town .
Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
Please write me a line soon .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
We ca n't breave we will die , too !
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
I am happy to know about you .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
So you need to be careful that kind of people .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I lived since two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
They were talking about the problems of the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
So will follow problems of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
There should be a ban of cars .
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
I did n't want to chat with them first .
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude about the education system .
This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
But , although all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care with some dangerous situations .
It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
All this started on Juli .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .
We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .
Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
She did a lot for me , my life
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .
The city have a lot traffic .
They prefer to go work car than bus .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
So we must reduce by car on street .
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
We fly at plane or something other .
At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
sometimes you lie on a window .
You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
So I got a lot troubles :
I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .
They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss for you !
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
His works are known by all over the world .
The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
I would like to look to this sport from different perspectives .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .
In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
I think if we want to have equal rights for both .
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
I try to be football player in there .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infrastructure .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .
The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
Furthermore , even you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
As soon as I came on university , my life changed .
it was a wonderful experience with me
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
But it is not relevant for my future life .
And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
I have only lived on one place in my life .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
It is the most European city of Spain .
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
Our great example in changing is German .
The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
Best of wishes .
I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
I will wait for you in the gate cinema .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
The Great Wall is located in the north of Beijing .
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
He was everything for her .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours in a day .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
I have played at a lot of teams .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
Then I have been operated twice .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
I am more romantic that my boyfriend .
I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
Let 's meet on John 's apartment .
To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
First , I am good to cooking .
More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .
It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .
He tried to stop some cars that passed through the street , but it was useless .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
So would you please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?
Now , I have to wait an answer the company .
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
Could you please recorrection of my family name .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
I 'm going to buy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
By David .
I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My boyfriend become in my husband .
My work was about reserving tickets for the customers .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
There are many views of using the nuclear power .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I think you will like it just as me .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep except you have a loud person close to you .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or in small tables near the bar .
The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .
Usually I only play basketball in school .
We play by teams or each one alone .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
The example on cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .
One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
He falls in love in her .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required at their place of work .
For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
If you want to start to ride on a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
I come back home on the sunset .
when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
But , that future is very far for our actual situation .
Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .
Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .
The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
This is an introduction for how to make bank notes .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
Providing that we care the environment .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
They live at the moment .
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
An electric car is less harmful for the environment .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
They left the house on a truck .
We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
And the paintings were on the museum again .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
I play basketball in the school .
When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
And this will cause diseases on the long run .
Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
Government policy changes help a lot for water preservation .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate on competitions .
This is a story from a country where there were no cats .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
Time never stops and does n't wait anyone .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .
I catch the bus and I waved my mum .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .
my firs job was baby sitter .
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies with a round shape .
I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Technologies are moving on in high speed .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
I feel my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think them like friends .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
So I was just thinking how to convince her .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
He gave the arms all the city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
It bring unity among country .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
On the streets there is a little warm .
Nobt all Russia is always under snow .
Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .
he saw some street performer by the street .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
Tell me your opinions about this subject in comments .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .
On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .
My Life in University
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
When he arrives she tells him the event .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle like that .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
I have a car and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
It looked like afraid and nervous .
It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .
I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look out them because I am quite responsible .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time you check it .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators must agonise .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
The garbage cans are about each home .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point by observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
The kitchen looks like small and simple .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Jose is not in my university but we are good friends .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kind situation .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
But at the region where I live I had not found .
Every day we spent time on the beach and across the sea .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
We studied hard together to prepare the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
And think deeply the problem about protecting the environment .
My mammy told the story in night .
Mom make the special foods in festivals .
Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..
I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .
It was just a dream , very real like .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
- see someone or some people as standing beside or riding on them .
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
I will help you as much I can .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .
Always infront on your public .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
They do n't spend money in a good container .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags with rubbish in a good container .
If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .
Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
Television can improve knowledge on current affairs .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .
Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
Therefore travel by car is ready by now .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it in the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .
I am struggling in school .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
Before I came to live to Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .
The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
hoping for your answer
First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
You need to play it on team .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting of our company .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
My story with basketball were very short .
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
Those times car is convenient to use .
Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
I work for a coffee shop in center city .
One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
However we should be balance from the both types .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
It was the best concert in my life .
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
You have asked about a server in your cafe .
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last night in this hotel .
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasons .
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .
1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
They are doctors in a serious hospital .
The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .
I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
I had been working in sport events like organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care of me .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
I am interested in working at your summer camp program .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
it was strange for Michael .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
There are some images for my family on the wall .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to
annonced the way take about the town .
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
It 's in the second floor .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
She always helps me in whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .
After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal during ninety minutes .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
They are called below :
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
I think the car is more convenient for public transport .
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
Because everyone has a place in the bus .
We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go on your free time and get to know it .
He took down every mistake he made last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .
I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Have you ever heard about hockey ?
I want to give advice for children .
I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .
Please contact with me .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
I engaged in swimming in nine years old .
As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .
Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
I advise start from one km .
I found ad about this job on the Internet
I have experience in working in a cafe .
I look forward for new challenges and tasks .
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
Do you fancy for coming ?
Is Physical Education necessary at schools ?
Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
No wonder if we say that sport is so important .
They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard about it .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
I would define it an action movie .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
You can play it in every age .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
The instructor dropped me back to the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
There are also many disadvantages of television .
But it should be in a moderate level .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
The perfect hotel I would love to work should be located in my country .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
lessons to their computers by their teachers .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel through public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place in public transport .
It has been an easy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling through a bus , you accept the risk .
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages for both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths than pavement .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
However , there is a great debate on whether this is really a good solution .
One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
Italy is well regarded about its education .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach to their children .
They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
In this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
I am glad to hear you and know you have bought a new computer game .
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
We arrived at the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed incorrectly .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days in my life .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
I have explained two important aspects about sexual harassment .
A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
Drinks are apart of the package .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
By this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people with whom they can trust .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
" Stop with the singing !
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find the next 50 years .
This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
People can not have everything and live like they want .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
Everybody must have free time for yourself .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
In that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got in the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than in villages .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
From Monday till Friday I was in .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat in the seat next to him .
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
I Am from the first type of people .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
Some of brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
There are all of styles of clothes .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts of Italian singers and some foreign artists .
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
I have saved some money to pay the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
Karate gave me a new purpose of life .
Once entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
Karate can be started by anyone and any age .
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
Some people go shopping to feel better for themselves .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
On the background you can see the river Amur .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully on how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
We can get on a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump to the water .
In the water she feels like at home .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
I'm very excited because of you are here .
It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I'm on holiday school .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross at the other side .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20th century .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
The importance of internet on our lives
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports to children during this summer .
For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
First off , I would take him to a long journey by car .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come to age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers one time at a low cost .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution for a city .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Democracy also had fundamental changes on that period .
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
The government should give to superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality of a person .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
He can come with us in our trip .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
His eyes looked automatically on how Celine looked today .
Everything that happened to us was too good to be true .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
Have you ever heard about it ?
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
Despite they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and with high quality .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as well .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours under the sun , but it 's a good idea .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks using this kind of transport .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cáceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
I haven't heard anything about you since then .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
On the next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
On that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My employers have never complained of my services .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
I would like to learn in this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , in the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cooks how to make bread .
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
She just felt it under her skin .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause in an awkward situation .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation youth people are more
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
I picked it up from the ground .
There was she , staying front me .
I thought I was dreaming first .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
Just looked her with asking eyes .
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés at the market square .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also de the surroundings .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
Finally , 7% could be explained for other reasons .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
This is like that all days , except Sunday .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
That girl who had done nothing but harm for him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door for her .
Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
When I arrived there , I queued for the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be around us or if it will disappear completely .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
I must say , he is much more handsome in live that on the TV .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
Moreover , it allows you to study with your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
Therefore , compulsory service at in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
That is our responsibility for future generation .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
It 's a multimedia device that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
As Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
I hope your answer soon .
I practise it every day in my school .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV against reading a book as first option .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
Every day for we are looking for friends .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Sounds perfect for me !
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter of discussion .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
He sat on his chair and looked to the window .
" ..... " he looked to his hands .
He shook his head and looked to the ceiling .
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
You are late to your death date "
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
A cold chill run along his neck .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
First , I can travel by my own car whenever and wherever I want .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellent English skills .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get Sol station .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search teams on the Internet .
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system of Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
At the age of eighteen , most of British students are finishing secondary school .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach to it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading across mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
The company changed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided to those animals , like birds .
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Have you ever thought what you can do to help the environment ?
It will be very good to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
This study project will be developed studying
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary of National Geographic called Ocean .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italy .
Doors will open by our voice , footprint or retina scan .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
He was refused with food but he kept going with his strike .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thinking from us .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground in the size of a volleyball court .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenty years .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Once more into the breach ! ) .
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Most of people in this world ca n't live without technology .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
I have experience taking care of children .
I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply for your future career .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
The rising number in deadly car accidents raise an important question to all of us .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
subject : the transports of my local area
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
You are reading and thinking what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different what you had imagined .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration with his experiment .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Sitting in the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care of their children .
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Some of the information was collected on the shops , and on the web .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
My favourite places to visit are from the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Cáceres is visited for many tourist every year .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different aspects of daily life .
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think in your life .
You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing to people .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time they get in touch with nature .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
These factors will be explained in another occasion .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services the Active Leisure Clubs .
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed securely .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think which way we should go to reach the destination .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It can have influence at their work .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket of the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
We can make good use of time from TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy about having you here .
Then , we can go out for a party night at the west of the city .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
Yet , to me public transport is my
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Therefore , public transport is the best option to me .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
He did his best for this race .
In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother of nature before .
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
However , modern music is not always acceptable for different people .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening everything that the teacher was saying .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe of Italian pizza .
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can share my knowledge about Finland and other countries .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects to our personalities .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy for others .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lose my temper .
I will make summer camp a much better place to be in !
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Another reason is that I have gained experience taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
There was not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive that travelling by public transport .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
You keep doing sport but in another time .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
People have had a need in communication since the dawn of time .
Every human being has a need in socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
This fact , along with the spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
For more than 50 years it has been the main entertainment channel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable to me .
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family small flat .
Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal had wished to be around with .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living with his mother .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
Alice had looked on confusion as the woman had been walking away .
Alice had gone through the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
But that day - it was on spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
Second , TU - Clausthal has very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused with the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned for respite ?
Despite the private service is very expensive it is efficient .
Four and five stars hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available to families .
I helped catering the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them .
If it was possible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier with an artist called Sia .
When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
I like sushi because the combination with fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards to him .
Micheal seemed to be really happy in this moment .
English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's great universities and educational system .
Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic grounds and interpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good material for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
It was situated into a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
It was built by two different elements .
The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made by a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
I have experience in looking after children .
I am always willing to help in anything . I can be very creative when in comes to fun things .
In the other hand , they should learn something new in the summer camp .
She smiled to me !
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound on the world .
We also have a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post from the 18th of July .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player on the world . I 'm also not .
Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them in every single moment of their life .
It is associated with strong emotions caused natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky
It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
Going on a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded at peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish with big dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum to the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared in the TV news and in all the radio channels .
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour at and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and old - fashioned roofs .
I watched almost every shown movie , some of them for more than once .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
Her teachers complimented her as being focused , creative and eager to learn .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and for what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
It adapts perfectly to the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters on the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
Finally , you can do shopping on The New Square , a round trading hall .
Parents face with important decisions when raising children , not the least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
Since that day , I started to take care of on my own .
Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
Recycling bins have been installed in every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage " .
He also broached a subject of the Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important if it 's developing to the equality or dominance .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations of Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked on current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
The round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
We live in the mass consumption century , when it requires more and more time of our daily routines .
Most of consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keep looking for it in another place .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable by the vast majority .
She was expecting a letter of the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter of the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly is chosen to become the main woman of our new play .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners in the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all the God 's creatures .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go to home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal with fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back their work on time .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Furthermore , most of junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger for white - collar - worker , but it can also harm their health .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems among teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
I saw the advertisement for a job to work this summer camp .
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read about fantasies and comics .
The baby 's inborn capacity of imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
Otherwise , you may run the risk that people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
I had the opportunity to be a student and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
He taught to people from different backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be great asset for your college .
I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information on textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
In addition , spending too much time in activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
2012 ) described an experiment from Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situation .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% students correctly gave the diagnoses .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
It was found that there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion time when comparing tasks from students with basic knowledge and the one from another group .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out of this shortage .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some examples of robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
Public transport allows you to save time and money in commuting .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
But the visit which has a lasting impression on my mind is the visit of Red Square .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is talked with a first - person narration with the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
How are you doing ? I 've heard in the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your last pc program .
I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions for my children 's homework .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write there their impressions about beautiful sights .
Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
The structure is divided in these sections :
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
She broke up , but now she is on his hands .
This sentence and some others sound like if they were pronounced by a man …
You also need to choose books of your favorite authors .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
If I quote you on my work , I might score a few extra marks .
Finally , a special mention goes for Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place in .
Actually I intend to study law but since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chose economics .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to help them from infringement of their rights .
Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
First , an inspection to the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
I had to look to help ; there was little time to lose .
Because of all these reasons , I highly recommend taking into account Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care .
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference among re - use , recycle and reduce .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety English courses .
I have extensive experience working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I pride myself in creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thought and writing skills .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted the growth of the tourist industry .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day from the work .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental for the environment .
There are some reasons why people leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't want to get in them .
It is said that the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left corner of the room .
They are studying in an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
Being able to study in an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
However , with that being said , in my opinion , there is still a lot of future for public transport .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and lights .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like between all the trash because of the wide variety .
The ball went straight the police station window and broke the glass .
Louis had to pay the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong so he apologised to Lucas .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection like a present .
The series had a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
I was amazed with the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees 's whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used if the benefit of the students and , indirectly , in the benefit of the local community .
So TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
I read about your summer camp in the internet and I would love to work with you .
In his early age , he lost his mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from mother like other children , his father married another woman .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice with weeping .
No matter what the fact was , or even it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
At this day and age it is falling on the taxpayers .
We often hear than no obstacle is ever insurmountable , however , is it true ?
Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent life as we deserve .
On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree about the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening music or reading a book .
I usually travel by public transport and it is the half of the cost than if I do it by car .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
They also offered me some honey to add into my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed in a rapid pace .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses the magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially for under - cooked fish .
So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
progress of integrating to their culture .
The same goes to me .
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue of the life - threatening risks that they are facing .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster gives to the family that was left behind .
Besides being in charge with organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party he had also been put in charge with the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work on his favour , the servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix it .
As soon as one problem in the company would be solved another one just as infuriating would come up at the party planning .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview in the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
It is essential for all forms of life by which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
Water treatment must meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
Examining teens ' identity construction in social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
If the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work in such a diverse group of people .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do in their holdidays , for example , if they work properly when they have to .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
A house for them to live !
When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed with what she saw .
And congratulations for the baby!- His boss looked at him in anger:- Do you think that I am pregnant?- .
Our city offers to visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
Window shopping through our high street is another option .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
You are sitting on a comfortable seat .
On short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You can be sure that I had a time of my life .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind on the sails .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
The most interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence on our life and people around us .
The only way was to show and prove everyone that he was the best .
He did n't answer to his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others and I 'm grateful .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
I would like to start saying it is free .
The second advice is you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
While conducting a need analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation in learning English .
Through teamwork , students with varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students with different levels .
Finally , preparing supplementary for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hope after reading of my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options of travelling by public transport .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art on English .
For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
I am sure that you will find in Brazil a perfect fit .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
There were many visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help in communication .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered for a course .
On graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the big brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye from J. D. Salinger .
Companies as Monsanto that engineers plants with steeril seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have over our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of them stated they watch them at most twice a week , but they would so more often if they were subtitled ;
Even just in cities , let it alone travelling at long distances .
The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same languish and who are at the same level of their vocabulary .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only except near native speakers .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer 2010 .
At first , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
So I did n't mind working against time and long hours .
When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work at two shifts , at home and the shop .
I had just graduated the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
But then I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a year gap before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective to life and will help them become more confident with what they really love .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst for illegality .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
This is true in many aspects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people with texting and social networks .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened since years .
Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless their strengths , ages and so on .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal to both adults and children .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
The amount of talking done by the students was more that pleasing .
Giving the students the answers the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful with the rough areas .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
With any doubt a good friend is a treasure .
In other words , no matter how far you live , a good friend will always support to you .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction from something I 've never eaten before .
When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everything from blue berries .
How is the experience of learning another language ?
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives are living in .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
With the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream , work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , flurry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew over the population .
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
I have just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
For example , what about going for some walks across the countryside or renting a bike ?
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa of Korea .
It is the most popular place that people want to go .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know and I do n't mind checking your plan to go Korea .
While the interview , I realised the different ways I would use to get away if I were alone .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought that option , left the interrogation room .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions from before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
I met him two years ago in a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep on my heart even if they are god or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a concert of our favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat on her face .
Her eyes gazed to his lips .
In conclusion , we should provide free books to our students .
I am writing to express my very strong interest and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world such as your company .
They talked for hours one trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking he looked to the young couple in front of him
They walked in to find a man looking through the window
Off late , debates in news channels are the talk of the town where u get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
The problem with this movie is not the story because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions to the characters .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside in their roles .
An example of that it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance on the altar .
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating with a man twenty years older than her .
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children education as they are a child 's first contact .
I am writing in regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but in the same time is hard to describe .
Unlock the door toward a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them with their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street - London on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
Firstly , laws should be set to forbid some projects which cause massive problems to the environment .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
First of all , at the English course which I do at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
More words can be add in the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
This is because all the people dream for a better future .
But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer it .
All those people who are living this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There is always someone who you can count on in your family , friends or associations , but you must ask for help .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness in a very luxurious trip to New York .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause to businesses .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a treat for others , they should be stopped immediately .
It could be an example for other cities on how to help and conserve our planet .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck into the whole society with many negative elements , drawing the attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand of cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature with approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most of greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Generally , the increase of temperature has resulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of cold days .
This will largely causes less of soil water and precipitation .
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers result from the decrease of output .
This can lead to the loss of profits from upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
It was a sunny day of April .
He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to middle class prefer pink and green colours due to some psychological reasons .
My friendship with Jessie started the first exciting day of kindergarten .
It is generally accepted that television is providing us by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
I like to beleieve that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships in his path .
Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits at high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking through those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter from where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall over the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon till we meet again .
The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on as if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
This is clearly seen when driving in the route and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the way .
You should take a look at the things your children have at their reach .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time she had been spending almost all her free time near the computer .
She graduated Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated with classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas on practice .
It may sound weird or even wrong for some people , because there are many of them that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less with the behaviour of younger people ?
This might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are seen as the wiser people .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
Nowadays young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity about the pollution cycle .
Besides the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we live in .
To maintain the only earth we live in is now the major issue for us nowadays .
The advertised position is very appealing for me because I have always been fascinated about nutrition and natural therapies .
However , it is possible that along new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single sex school or a mixed sex one .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say that even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are particularly dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
I consider myself to be ideally suited for this job for several reasons .
First of all , I have considerable experience in working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) which I find really enjoyable .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
When you hear you are asked to help out in a concert of your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
In the third part of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home more than 2 hours a day .
40% of the girls read books several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours by surfing the Internet .
For example , 53% of the female students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
There is an evident tendency to the decline in the active ways of spending free time .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or the front page of the tabloids .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it putting the signature .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced the international relations not just within post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world governments and international communities .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support by the military forces , failed three days after .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
Leading articles of the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status for his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had knew a little about him .
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among American mass - media .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
While teaching everyone English it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person on the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and emerge out of poverty .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
On the one hand there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance the aboriginal people .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .
Secondly , even people have cars , they may also take public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
From the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could let the keys in David 's house , which is in the same building .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
When you get out of the airport you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society of consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge about - personal finance .
Both of them are skills which help managing your life later on , finances in particular .
To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
Its inhabitants move around exclusively on their own cars .
Towns are congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
Consequently , what are the reasons of my change of heart ?
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places such churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in the past .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Concerning your inquiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to get an authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer a work permit .
They both know what would happen if Tris 's husband found out a stranger in his house .
Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying B.A. Anglistik and economics .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good with languages and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally good at .
I have experience in children Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
I have been volunteering in various similar projects .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students at my final year of study at Manchester .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
He produces doors and windows on wood .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming for a long time .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which arose with the use of Facebook and Twitter .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
These kinds of websites allows people to interact with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
By Twitter , users post opinions or comments narrow to 140 characters .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
For example , while women think about millions things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
Women do not knoe their importance for the future on their own homes .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink if those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out from his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this they are sitting in a comfortable sofa .
In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself in it .
Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
I love to listen him talking - I love his voice .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation consumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
On her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped into her .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands into the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate different their skills at the language classroom .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
We were cleaning over 8 hours !
She swiftly came beside my bed and gave me a letter .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang of the village .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option to transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time would be spent doing nothing and just passing the time like it were a long vacation , but if it is used to make new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
I am currently taking exams for my English degree in the Ukraine National University .
I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps around the USA .
Before taking part in this course , my concept about mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design is purely just creating new products .
Therefore , my knowledge about mechanical design is rather limited .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water about producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and lure the attention from other group members .
Have you worked within international companies ?
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked within international companies , both in Spain and Venezuela .
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue about water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries undergoing poverty .
It will examine responses including the recycling water , the development of technology about purifying ocean water and multinational sharing about water resources .
Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
When you are sitting on the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hunging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are flying on the sky , over the clouds .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use during the acting .
The only thing that differs is that film actor has several takes opposed to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
Tourists can encounter with difficulties such as a traffic jam .
There are some disadvantages of banning cars .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception about their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no name products .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust on advertisements .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you making it even more simple by picking you up at the train station of my town .
Once you 're in the train station , go where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right out of the station waiting for you !
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential at any place .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help preparing some sweets for children .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points over 100 at both KET and PET certification .
English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
He closed the window not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
I fancy its streets crowded by workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam in this course would be on July 5th .
As you know I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized at the internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
At this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire Court .
On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
On the same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work within and cross - border contracts .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Man has evolved over the years , since the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations from Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color , known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination from one race to another .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they were suffering , and to fight to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
We are all equal to God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right of living a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
As usual , he decided to sit on the bar and order some fish and chips .
As they talked they came to realize that they had been working at offices which were very near for almost a year .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples for this .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
Of course that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Suppose that we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand of a particular analysis .
Michael however , made a living off his fights , at a young age Michael was attacked and mugged in the street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
His anxiety caught up to him every now and then but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
I like the way you gave examples how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself by sitting all day .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening during approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
The dark clouds above the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used for our daily life .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction from her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years for both personal and professional reasons .
Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
That is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertising .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them in the Internet .
I saw the announcement of your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have more details .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
1967 Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to do not go the gym at all without knowledge .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR OUR ENGLISH COURSE
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students of a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
There are also numerous complaints in regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond you as soon as possible .
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend with each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
Just think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
More students would be attracted when the school government made some changes in the learning system .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
I 've seen a couple of advertisements on English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up on the supermarket .
While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations toward God . . .
I always go to have a pizza in a restaurant near my house . "
The owner Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him out of the restaurant talking to some guest .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
The time in the university is the most important time in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion of professor and student .Others may disagree .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
I love to serving customers and to dealing with different and complex situations .
He stared at the clock hanging in the wall and frowned .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people of different living styles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time with yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by skin but my heart .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer it is the right choice .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance our event .
We would like to say thank you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
Nature is also change , but in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
Shopping is very important for people .
Everyone must be accepted and integrate in a specific society .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
" I realized about this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
He was always doing things for them or anyone who asked him .
According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close with their families as they used to be and mostly they are farther apart from their parents .
A friend will stay on and listen to you in patience .
Although several causes for this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
The normal response to this conclusion is , as I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and cause harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective manners of becoming talented in something can be adopted , before the popular believes take our motivation and self - belief away .
I guess that is why I am a bit workaholic .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team since it is a world renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation to the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
However , I 'm interested & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
People who participated to that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered like criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowledge .
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
In this class there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
One of the reasons is they are poor because they can not get a job .
Homeless people tend to unable to collect information because of lack in means to do it .
Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
He also learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking his fellows .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , despite others believe deforestation has a higher impact on our world .
And each time it occurred , Cecilia burst in tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
It took him three days to calm down and put the things in perspective .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Moreover , studying in a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
In that case the choice for public transport will be preferable .
In the end of the day you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan as to resolve legal cases and disputes .
Strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
In fact informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise material , looked and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in in person and look forward to hearing from you soon .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
In this way I have to some extent developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
I would be grateful if you could attend this matter as soon as possible .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect of them to achieve .
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
