It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
Although it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert of the city .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
Do you know about mountain biking ?
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
How can I explain to them ?
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out at work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
I was interested in whether I could write such an article and win a prize .
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
But when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math too .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
We have no facilities like other countries .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
I play with them in the playground .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
We can do it at any time we like .
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
See you when you arrive in Mexico City
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
What happened to us ?
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
It was a well planned holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
Let me explain my reasons . When you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or outside the main door of your house and it gets you to wherever you want . But on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more inconvenient because you have to catch the bus at a bus stop ... Where is your nearest bus stop ?
He lives in the wild .
His father saves him from a fight but he dies and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he does n't want to be in the same place where his father died .
Then , Symba saves Pumba from a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city as Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
In sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
Learning English is very important to the future of everyone .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially on sunny days with high temperatures , but that ca n't make me stop doing this sport .
I 'd like to speak about the education system in Egypt .
I graduated from the faculty of law " English division " two years ago with a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had made at my university to have a good job in my specialization , as a lawyer .
So , I wanted to get a job in another state , like Dubai . I heard jobs there are very good and the salaries . I have submitted my CV for various jobs ,
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight the system .
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family problems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves through long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfort , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
Secondly , there is not a lot of variety in the desserts , mainly fruits and puddings .
Some people in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan etc . and they do not have a lot of varieties of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
I 'm writing to you regarding an advertisement I saw on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy on your cafe staff .
The diagrams illustrate the process of producing bank notes .
They can only be packed and distributed if they are of good quality .
Many people believe that nowadays there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the thought that they do help , for example , with travelling long distances .
Secondly , public transport is more efficient for travelling long distance than cars and people would n't have to purchase fuel .
However , a car is something which belongs to the person and he can do whatever he wants and find it in the same state he left it in , and sometimes public transport vehicles are n't left in the best way .
When I was 12 , I went to France for the first time in my life .
That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned to Italy .
Public transport is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
Public transport helps us to know our country and enables our body to move from one place to another .
For example , we have to walk to go to a place , whereas a car can park in the place where we want to go .
If the roads are narrow , the bus wo n't go along the street .
The bus will not drop off the passengers where they want to go , because they have to drop them off at the bus stop .
We are going to travel to France this holiday .
Whenever they go outside , they always keep a plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish they will not throw on the road or outside .
D. Perhaps bilingual school creation might be a good idea for Colombian education improvement , but it would be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
It depends on five main steps , which include design , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and destruction or disposal depending on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most important step we should know , which involves considering the background color and artwork .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and most environmentally friendly city in the world , Even cleaner than Paris or other cities in Europe .
It is true that there is an increase in violence compared with the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns is a better world .
Max and his family had been on their holidays for two weeks now . This year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
So Max walked up to her , and said " Here mom , do n't worry . Let 's go into the hotel . "
Max spent the rest of the day thinking about that lion until he went into his room . " What an amazing day ! " ,
I am studying at Yung Feng high school .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions at school .
My goal is admission to National University .
I have no problems with reading , speaking or listening .
As part of my plan to improve my English skills , I decided to search on the internet for any free program which could help me with the plan to improve my English writing .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we do n't have the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns in Italy .
Another problem is that the citizens of Trieste do n't pay attention to the environmental problems of their city .
I sometimes played in school break in the morning .
Because on occasions it 's very boring .
I go swimming at a public pool .
I do a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all about them .
I like running , riding my bike , playing football , skiing in winter , climbing , etc .
I hope that most of the big businesses , plants and stations will be taken outside of the city boundaries .
What 's more , the notes will also be printed with security features .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
The rest of them will be disposed of .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
You also get to meet a lot of people at tournaments or even at normal games .
If by 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund of my money .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to get to where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus stop and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , and you can avoid the crowds of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work on time .
On the other hand , public transport is the only resource some people have to get around , and more than excellent for the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spending money on petrol , since it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
I really want you to be happy with your new life .
These people can influence our lives . For example , if you have bad friends you become a bad person and you will have problems in your life . So , your education depends on the people around you .
As we know , nowadays , everything is possible .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , I mind immediately . Today there are too many vehicles on our streets .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution on our planet .
Because of this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
Therefore , the animals will not survive in this climate .
Also , the humans wo n't be able to go into the street all day , only for a few hours , because of the hot climate .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me in my career .
Watching our national team 's games , I came to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
The Brazil and Netherlands games were a real test of our health .
But most young people are not interested in this type of music .
Secondly , they like watching series on TV .
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
I was in this team for 5 years and that made me even better at football .
I played so well that everyone congratulated me . But that 's not all . One of the best teams in the world wanted to take me on .
Already , in only 20 years , a lot of things have changed because of the technology .
According to my experience , if we do n't exaggerate the way we use technology like the internet , phone , satellite .
It will be a good thing that we can spend our time on a good thing .
The developed version of all those engines is used in running vehicles on land , water and air which make our lives faster .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
Continuing my visit to London , I will visit the largest park in London , Hyde Park , which has a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the preservation of the park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to get to Big Ben , which is the most beautiful building in all its splendour , where I will take pictures .
Later , I 'll take the London Underground , which is a public fast transit system . I 'll travel on it .
When I leave the underground at Wembley Park station , I will go to Wembley Stadium , where I will enjoy an evening of football . The match starts at 8:00pm .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
He invested in our education and today he has a lot of admiration for our lives and our decisions .
Both are very important to my emotional stability .
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm coming to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
We must think of alternative solutions to this problem .
We face difficulty reaching our own destination .
Buses run on petrol that causes pollution .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our future generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live a safe life without diseases and pollution .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want with only one communication device .
And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
Overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly for housing , then followed by food / clothes .
There was a significant rise in the amount of budget allocated to both categories ( housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
Regarding the pie charts , there was a significant increase in the amount of earnings allocated to housing and food / clothes , from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
The first is , the government could create a new plan of construction for trains .
Confronting challenges . Primary students struggle with the difference between first language and the one they are learning .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits for children .
Not only is there less study burden when compared with secondary school , but they are able to communicate with foreigners as well as extend their social network during this period and in later life .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign languages at primary school far outweigh the drawbacks .
It is a story of a boy who always found the way to tease his sister Sukh .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation about the life of Rose .
He took a chair , staring at her with rage . "
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , when she was young learned all the languages in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
For this reason , we left with our new friend for Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
How are things ? I have finished my exams now . I came back to Linares two days ago .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned good habits in my life .
I cycle at the weekend .
First we went to our hotel .
From the London Eye we could see all over London .
Then we got on a red bus and went to our hotel .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishments for littering ! Also , the government should increase the number of rubbish bins and facility staff members .
At these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment ; the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments in another language and use a different way of thinking .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to notice and adapt to .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
I do n't know if I can agree with that but I listened to them . :)
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again by J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing too .
I also like Stolen Dance by Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way to our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throwing their waste away without recycling or ruining the places where animals live .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
Pollution has a negative effect on the environment . I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban areas .
To keep all of nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generations .
You do n't have to wait for your car , but you must wait for public transport .
You do not pay any fare to travel in your car .
I want to turn to his hobbies . When he is n't working , he is riding a bike ,
every evening , he takes the bike and rides along some paths for more than forty kilometers per day , so he is a very good cyclist and it 's quite hard to cycle with him .
I met her at university 20 years ago . She is 4 years younger than me .
She makes great food for us . I like to cook with her and eat from her hand .
People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy with children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment of our country . For example , they did a lot of advertising on television , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that rubbish is not good for our world .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real means of connection with each other .
In the castle there is the Holy Trinity Chapel .
It was a part of the borough of Castellan .
These days , in the castle there is a museum .
If there were only cars in a city , the city would n't have enough parking spaces and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
My favorite way of travelling is by train .
The plane is faster than other ways to travel .
Boat is cheaper than other ways to travel .
He is very good at this sport .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves on the programme . We were so nervous , but it was exciting for us . Our goal on the programme was to get a free ticket to the most popular electronic party in the world .
I have recently finished my course in English in Cambridge , so I have fresh and improved English .
In order to help organise sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
I went to our new shopping centre last week in the downtown .
However , from now on , we can buy what we really need . On the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
Some people say that a trip by car is more convenient than by public transport , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
And public transport will be more important in a few years from now .
When somebody gets home , he wants only to relax in front of the television .
In this view , I think that though there are lots of sports on television , there are not too many , because people have looke for it .
We left our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and prestigious dance teachers in the world .
Even in this album , the band abandon their own roots and add a bite of the pop genre to it .
New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in information systems .
In industry , big machines are making new products for our benefit .
However , the advancement of technology , besides bringing advantages for everyone , will also cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will do the same work or work better than humans .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy at the summer camp .
Also , the last summers helped me to be prepared for more things that children demand .
As we know , the privilege of having a journey by car is more convenient than by public transport .
I would suggest to people who want to start this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can compete with each other to get the highest score .
Second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
So , in the future we will dispense with types of transportation .
These days , we use cars to travel between countries .
People ca n't dispense with cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense with cars .
We should be careful of careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb in the Red Sea not on Zafrana and its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
Last week my class and another one went on a school trip in Sicily .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of extra - terrestrials .
In the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where UFOs have been seen .
In addition , more and more scientists agree that aliens really exist .
I have been playing this sport since twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect others and not to assault them.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominate the weak . When I step foot in the gym , I forget everything : school , home ... . Therefore , I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
A few minutes later , some boy who looked older than my old brother approached the poor little boy . The little boy stopped crying , he My brother felt afraid because they looked like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes . The little boy cried out loudly . My brother was outraged . He ran at the rube boy and attacked him .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother came to take him home . He told his mother what had happened that day , and his mother smiled at my brother , and took the little boy home . My brother smiled and went home .
When she had arrived at her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was on the train , she had another phone call .
They told her that she had to bring $ 100,000 so they could do the surgery on her brother .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
It is very important because this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
But we live in the present ; we live in the moment and benefit from it to the maximum .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change for the worse .
In addition , a general view of human innovation shows that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect . This effect exists even in people 's lives or in themselves .
The building is quite wide and at the front you can see a huge welcome sign .
I disagree with you about the future of public transport .
Every day , the fuel that we use in our cars is more expensive than using public transport .
It would be a good idea if taxes were cheaper than the taxes on other things such tobacco , alcohol ....
I saw you uploading the cat in the glass bottle on Facebook .
So if you decide to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
Always pay attention to whether the cat has been sick .
In the holidays you can go for a walk with a cat .
The diagrams below show the five stages of the process of making bank notes .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
I chose this invention that I think helped humanity to communicate more easily .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but on the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias ' friends in our house listening to loud music , playing games and drinking .
These cars will use alternative energy , for example energy from the Sun .
Modern science is trying to find new , more economic sources of energy .
A friend will also be there when you are sad and in worse times . There is no ex'friend so respect your friend and they will respect you more .
It is said that when you survive a situation which has taken you to the limit , you change .
He had been taking care of her , so he was prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse all his dreams suddenly .
The human being is the most wise and intelligent of all of these .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem through various activities .
But , these days , with education , people are becoming more sensitive and responsible towards the environment .
Along the same lines , inhabitants of my village do lots of work to make their area clean and hygienic .
They collect and segregate the rubbish into separate containers .
In order to help reduce pollution , I take action using the three " Rs " : reduce , reuse and recycle , so I am more and more eco - friendly .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
As long as I try to keep doing things in an eco - friendly way , I realize that I am giving a little from my side and I feel I am caring for my environment .
If I were you , I would go running in the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
In the future , cars will be so cheap that everyone will have one . Thus , it will mean the end of public transport .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
I always feel very well after coming back from the gym .
In this day and age , most people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
However , I do not agree with this statement , because public transport is needed for people who do not have vehicles or during economic downturns .
Public transport is cheap and friendly to the environment .
Firstly , the fare for public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Because everybody has to leave for another place in their own car and carbon dioxide is released from cars .
Public transport is a way to reduce air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people at a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
Although public transport is slow , it also does not take a long time for people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays is faster and enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed by everybody in a necessary time .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems for mankind and animals .
I am writing to apply for a job on a summer camp .
I come from a large family and I have two younger sisters aged 10 and 12 .
From the first time , I said to you that I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
Welcome to this town .
There are several big plazas in the center of the town .
At night , there 's another side to this town .
Many thanks for your letter and your acceptance of my invitation .
But if you land early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , which does n't cost much to my house .
Please write to me soon .
Now , to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely little town , but there is one place that is special to me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
You can only get to ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
It is an incredible forest , the ground is covered in low grass and there is a little river where you can swim . It is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you could have health problems . For example , you could have problems with your hands , in your neck and in your legs .
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I still live here .
In my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so there 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is " All about that Bass " by Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
Acid rain and global warming are issues which have been brought about by careless people .
on the one hand , if we avoided causing pollution in ours cities , we could have a more healthy lifestyle than in the past .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in order to eradicate rubbish from my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish at green points of the city and they also have to keep the neighbourhood as as as is possible .
To sum up , taking care of the environment should be an obligatory task for us .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
The other benefit of taking public transport is fewer people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environment .
Abortion is an immoral act that people perform as everyone has the chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide about anyone 's life .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women have died because of this .
I believe public transport will have a big role in the future for several reasons :
2- I think in the future transport and roads will be more organized , more than these days .
4- Transport will be more economical than private cars .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady at $ 850 .
He came to Real Madrid 5 years ago and he is the best player in the team .
I watch two matches at the weekend in the Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula One because of my father . This is his favourite sport .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most people , so maybe that 's why most people love to drive rather than take public transport .
A plane which was travelling from Egypt to Russia was exploded by terrorists last month .
First of all , I want to emphasize reducing the use of plastics .
It 's a basic thing and a habit that we can start easily on our own .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually pile up in the landfill and cause the land on our earth to be occupied .
Hence , we should bring our own recycling bag or basket every time we go shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from the shops .
If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving with walking or cycling .
There was also a cup in it . It said " do n't give up on your dream , keep going!go!we stand by you ! come on "
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
The pace of life has been speeded up , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or at the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
Even kids start to learn to drive at fifteen and most parents gift cars on their sixteenth birthday .
Cricket brings a passion in me . Whenever and wherever it 's possible , I find a way to start the game .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories in your body .
So , if are going to play this sport , do note that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety equipment with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure in batting first .
I like dancing and singing too . I 'm very happy singing on the beach , especially if you are with me .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining programs , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all day .
We . We can learn how the different animals feed themselves .
I think in 50 years many things will change . We will learn in our homes .
There wo n't be a post office because we will be able to send anything via the Internet . All jobs will be on the Internet .
I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
Most important of all , I will have an adventure in an unknown place in the UK . I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
If we ca n't breathe , we will die , too !
So my idea is that all the countries and all the people stop using farmland , forests and wetland to build houses , grow more trees , protect our world , our home star !
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
He selected people to go into a Chinese room . There was a computer in the Chinese language with different symbols . The Americans showed different behavior . They did not understand what was on the computer screen .
This was different to the original test mentioned in the text , where all the participants were American and native speakers of that language . It was really easy to understand what was on the computer screen .
Nowadays , public transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend on the other side of the city .
I am happy to hear from you .
My younger sister wants to go to the beach , so if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
The Formula 1 season starts in early spring and ends in late autumn .
Ferrari make one of the fastest cars in the world , but this season they are not so fast on the Formula 1 track as they were in the past .
Two years after his essay was released , he would understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael would want to apologise to many people who read his essay , so , Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . Thus , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
Firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
So you need to be careful of those kinds of people .
And then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu Palace '
I hope you enjoy your trip to Seoul till you left our country .
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
I have lived for two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I worked babysitting for one year at a school .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this job , because I like children and I have experience of babysitting . Also , I work very well at making food .
I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
However , the family is near you from the day you were born until forever .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , there was an important discussion about the next plan for cities .
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two environmentalists .
They were talking about the problems with the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
So , there will be problems because of these habits .
This makes me wonder whether there is a future for the old public transport system or whether we should create a new system .
There should be a ban on cars .
If yes , then you are one of 8.7 billion who have also drunk under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because they could get into trouble with the law , they could cause harm to themselves and others and could have a higher risk of alcohol dependency later in their lives .
transport in Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
My family are my best friends because they really take care of me when I need them to .
They look after me and help me when I am in trouble .
This is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely on .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Swimming is my favorite sport because , through this sport , I train my whole body . It is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because he was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that he returns to the Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need to practise to be the best swimmer in the world like Michael Phelps .
Except for in the big cities , public transport is not an easy way to get around the city . That means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the first step , the bank notes have to be designed considering some , like background color , artwork and security issues . After the design has been prepared , skilled machinists prepare metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes are printed 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour images on both sides in special ink .
I have been playing tennis since 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
In today 's class , we were discussing whether or not we agree with the often enormous salaries of football players .
This way of thinking , he also shows during game time .
By this action a Ronaldo or Messie can be paid and it is possible to buy the best team for the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the moment .
If it stays at a certain level , no fan will complain about higher prices .
That is why many businessmen want to win this competition , so they have created so many special offers , like if you go to places , you can buy one get one free .
One is original equipment manufacturers , like Foxconn . Workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executives at Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive little money and do high - pressure work .
Three to four years ago , htc made so much money in Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
I did n't want to chat with them at first .
I 'm Patricia Agüero . I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my studies .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food . In fact , on my last trip to Japan I learned to cook sushi .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I always do exercise . In the morning I like to run on the beach , in the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
Public transport stops more times than a car , whereas a car goes direct to its destination .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
Or sometimes during the day you see horror movies which should not be on .
Who wants their child to see that ?
Attitude to schools in Colombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombians to the education system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude to their education system .
In Colombia , some people have a high opinion of education , but there are some others that have a very low opinion .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude to the education system .
This attitude is based more on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing for resource which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significant symbol of the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of problems .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
Nowadays people usually use a car every day , actually for most of the daily things , despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel on public transport .
Also , people think that travelling in cars is faster than on public transport and I agree with that , because the bus or the underground is always stopping at the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
I will use public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so that the coming generations can live in good conditions .
In contrast , for a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
But , despite all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care in some dangerous situations .
It happened to me once and was very uncomfortable .
In spite of the risks , I recommend this sport to anyone who is in good physical condition .
Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS . I am John from the capital city of a southern state of India .
As I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , I gained knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it might be helpful now .
Herewith I enclose my current CV , which you can see in the attachment .
I am interested in working a in new work environment , kindly reply .
All this started in July .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience with professional music equipment .
Pleasure of working at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people of different ages , from the young to the elderly , who have forgotten all their worries and are enjoying the same concert as if not and be separate .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the lawyer listened to them very carefully to decide they could not have the cat .
But first , I will tell you the whole story from the beginning .
She always told Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Then she put on her disguise as an old woman and made her way home .
At that moment , Mia took off her disguise and Michael said :
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because society was governed and supported by the president .
In later times , society felt the need for change because of iniquities that were committed in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building was abandoned because the government and country did n't have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal structure was used for weapons .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to not be in traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight with each other . They wanted to not be together .
They even asked me who I wanted to go with . They grabbed my hands , wanted me to go with them , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money on something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day early in the morning .
so I satisfied my ambition 13 years ago .
Nowadays , I usually go back to the swimming pool at the weekends .
I think swimming is the best sport in my life because you can use your your whole body .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results this year .
We wondered if some work needs to be done to increase the student attendance on the math courses .
First , the bank notes are designed by considering background colour , artwork , and security issues .
Third , this is the most important step : printed sheets are manually inspected , and these sheets are classified into three categories .
The most important step is the inspection by hand . That is to say , they should be separated into good ones , which are to be cut into bank notes and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilised and are burnt securely in the last stage .
In a word , the process of making money for banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
Family members are the people who will accompany us throughout our whole lives .
Only family members can know us best because they live with us from when we come into this world .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with forever .
For the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
My advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy and it needs a lot of practice , a lot of time to be one of the greatest players of the game .
Although I have 5 members in my family , just one of those 5 is my real friend .
She has done a lot for me in my life .
Another good thing about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourists went for a bike ride through the center of Buenos Aires City .
But he not be fixed that the man had a camera on his head and his action was filmed .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun . The robber forced the man onto the street and then the tourist put to run .
They found a police officer near it and made a complaint . The group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally terrified .
How should I start ? Should I start by speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it into three different groups - paper , glass and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recycling .
The City Hall is very concerned about keeping the area clean .
I think public transport has good prospects for the future for the following reasons .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts . Most famous resorts lack parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
The other advantage of swimming is the fact that there is less impact on the knees .
Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
Nowadays , there are many choices for spending our free time , such as going shopping , travelling , listening to music , reading , etc ..
But for me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
My favourite sport is football . I love it so much . When I was young , I used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . I used to play with my friends in the street and we were so happy doing that , and after that , we played on a football pitch like in real football . I love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player in the world . A few people have told me that Messi is the best player , but I feel angry when I hear that , because that is not true . So I am looking forward to meeting my favourite player one day . It 's like a dream for me .
Because many people have died because of this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
On the other hand , governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
So , Malaga is responsible towards the environment and towards people in need .
These companies must take care of the environment or they will have to pay a big fine to the council .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible towards the environment and acts appropriately .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " real life " . Everyone will always be more involved in virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
They will have three eyes , antennae on their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
Nowadays , public transport is used by many people in the cities . We can find different types of public transport , such as bus ,
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
Secondly , getting around in a city on public transport can be horrible . There are too many stops , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrive home .
Secondly , public transport is more ecological and less polluting for the environment , because it produces less polluting emissions , and many public vehicles use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily on a school trip .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos . The day after , we visited Siracusa . On the third day , Agrigento and The Valley of the Temples , and on the last day we visited Marsala and Trapani .
I think that the worst thing about the trip was that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we had to change rooms .
On public transport , people are obliged to share transport with strangers and we also have to follow company policy or regulations , but with our own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets for private transport .
The city has a lot of traffic .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
They can drive at any time , they can come and go at any time .
They can travel to another place irrespective of the time .
Buses , boats and trains are the public transport that are most used by people .
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
Some buses have special and preferential seats for old people .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
So we must reduce cars on the roads .
5- It gives me a lot of time to think about all my life without any disturbance from anybody .
We fly by plane or something else .
On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
Sometimes you lean against a window .
You do n't have to worry that you wo n't arrive on time .
So many storms and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities but , through thick and thin , they go on .They achieve the goals made exceptionally for the sake of money and vanity .
The idea of making a film came up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
The experience with the film was amazing , because we laughed all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
So I have had a lot of problems :
I am writing to report on the local transport in Toluca .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
The public transport is unsafe because of an increase in thefts and the kidnapping of users .
I suggest changing the old buses for new buses and putting security cameras on the buses .
Also , that the cameras transmit immediately the images of robbers to other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions for driving badly .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Many people have got used to using their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination on time .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view on this controversial issue .
As the automotive industry is huge , most householders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle . They can move easily from departure point to destination in no time .
And they do n't need to be dependent on public transport on their journey .
And the income that is gained through this transport service will automatically decrease , which will create a problem for the economy of the country .
I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
First of all , I am going to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of this topic .
Both computer games and mobile phones have got the internet . As a result , they have not got time for other traditional games .
Another disadvantage is that people do not meet with friends , since they speak on Internet websites , so every time there is unless relationship , the people are not sociable .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives of that place hated most .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere in Asia to start a new way of living .
They had to escape with the doors of the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of terrible things ( people killing ) .
I 'm a student at the Academy of Finance .
Here is a description of my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there were scratches on the back .
Recently I have had a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an IELTS score of 6.5 for the visa .
Because we can travel anywhere , but on public transport we can not travel to any other places
I like the car as well , but when I have to drive a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am travelling , so public transport is making connections between human beings .
The question which arises now is should the employer hire women for some posts and exclude them from others , and the same for men ?
The second answer is that it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that everyone is born equal in terms of duties and rights .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
What I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , you will have a future .
Some governments invest a lot of money in constructing public transport networks to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
My mother is my best friend in my family . She always listens to me . Sometimes I call her by her real name !
And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods in the place .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden in the house .
Have you ever driven in a crowded city and moved at 1 km/h .
Public transport is becoming a must - have means for many people who have a low income .
I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
We become not only older , but also wiser . We learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get a lot of experiences and , for sure , to make mistakes . But we have to be honest with ourselves and admit our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss to you !
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
We can search for it by browsing or we can also access YouTube to help us .
When anyone fails to pass the ball or misses a goal we shout in his face " are you crazy ? How did you miss that goal ? "
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old . I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
The future of public transport should be taken seriously . In my opinion , public transport is the best option for solving the problems with traffic congestion because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people are travelling from one place to other in just one vehicle .
For many years , public transport has allowed people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
When we use a car , in general , one person is the only person who is accustomed to using their own car , so this is not exploiting the potential of the car .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people . That 's the cause of more traffic .
It 's for this reason that I think public transport is a great benefit to society , and a good way for us to move from one place to another . I suggest that the government should invest more money for the purpose of improving public transport .
The head chef is an experienced and skillful man at his work .
, with the latest technological systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces by well - known artists and upcoming talents .
The waiters are happy to help in any way they can and work hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
You ca n't disagree that our world become urbanization in the future , can you ?
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality . The big problem is that price is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series in well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good price and good quality by checking and visiting stores . You should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV , you can save money by only watching a few minutes in stores , take your seat , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies on your own TV considering price and quality . Some TV brings you the experience of enjoying your favourite movies in other scenery . Will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
His works are known all over the world .
The last thriller I watched was " True Detective " by HBO .
The philosophy of this hero is so different to what we used to think every day that I have taken a look at my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed watching " Fight Club " by David Fincher .
so it will come as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
I would like to look at this sport from different perspectives .
We will learn today some information about Islam . Islam is a great religion that comes from the Arabian Peninsula and it was founded 1436 years ago .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Education will not be in schools and universities , but it will be on the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , on many websites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Shopping will also be on the internet ; everything will be !
I 'm writing to you because I 'm interested in applying for the job in summer camps .
I saw the advertisement last week in the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience of looking after children in my town because I have been working in a primary school as a teacher for four years .
On the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I used to play tennis in a local team three years ago .
At this point , they first cut the sheets into separate bank notes . Second , they pack the sheets and dispatch them .
Why not ? Firstly , what 's education for you ? It 's very clear to me that education is creating the conditions to make your thinking grow .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
While we are having a good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , just in another position different to the ones during the rest of the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good moment to see things in a new way and that can be a very good opportunity .
Definitely , it does not always depend on the kind of programme , but I think that nowadays , a lot of television offers help for people to develop more effectively .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have great fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry with each other .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
The purpose of this letter is to notify you about some complaints that some citizens have . This is related to why only boys have to be in the draft for military service , and girls do not have to .
I think we want to have equal rights for both .
However , I just go to the restaurant on special occasions , such as my birthday or when I pass an exam .
First of all , we should think of a design and decide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
It is located between neighborhoods with aesthetic characters in the Alhijaz design area .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part of it .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
It is hoped that the successful funfair or other student s ' experiences will encourage you to participate in the funfair .
So I started to walk away from there , but the guy started to follow me .
So I had to walk quickly until I could enter an old and abandoned house behind the park .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish in different containers .
The yellow container is for plastic , like water bottles ; the blue container is for cardboard , like milk cartons ; the green container is for glass , like glass bottles .
Sagrada Familia , also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still under construction .
Nowadays , due to the current economic crisis , its construction has been stopped until an undetermined date .
When I was ten years old , I really liked to play football very much . I joined a football team which is near to my home . I prefer this team because my family is not rich , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercise at a stadium .
I try to be a football player there .
I want to advise all students to start this sport for their health and to get rid of stress . Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After doing sport , you will feel your body becoming strong and your brain will be without stress .
Finally , I like to play football for my health .
However , one of my dreams stays in my heart so that I ca n't ever forget it .
In a flash , I rolled down a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
I began to yell and hoped someone could help me to leave there .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement in infrastructure .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
The television is being more and more utilized by people , so we are getting more problems with vision .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shopping is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
It is much better to take a walk along the high street and do something for pleasure during this time .
Socializing online helps us to contact our friends in an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
Finally , we enjoy both ways in our life .
But they do n't know about the big problem with pollution .
The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for development .
Also , automatic driving technology is already applied to trains .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is a sunny day .
So , this is the advice that I would give them .
Once a day , he met a girl called Sarah . She was 9 years old . Although Michael was bigger , Sarah could control him . Every day they went to the sea to play and swim until the sun set . Once a day Sarah made a challenge to Michael about who could enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out of the other hole on the shore , but Michael was afraid . He was asking himself which animals could be there or if there was air there , but he had no choice , so he accepted the challenge . Sarah told him she would go first . She took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
In most cases , not only my family members but also our neighbors like to avoid carbon - level - increasing products that are responsible for temperature increases .
Now , the government is working to decrease smoke emissions from the mills and industry .
Some progress has been made already ; it s implementation also runs at full speed .
Furthermore , even if you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to . On the other hand , if you feel not well enough to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed to all means of transport except for public ones , the tram , bus or trolleybus is your way out .
I am interested in natural ways we can help in the local area .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way we can be fit and in a good condition and also create less pollution without cars .
So , my bills for water are inexpensive , because I have swapped having a bath to taking a shower .
I tend to collect three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glass and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
We learn to really segregate waste and , in the future , how we could , for example , use the same glass a second time .
Potatoes and meat are popular foods among our people .
In my view , the reason for having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
You see , I do not see members of one 's family as one 's best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
So no , the members of my biological family are n't my best friends .
In my town , there are many regulations that are enforced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like sheep , horses , cows .. etc , from being in the town and in the populated areas .
As we are fully dependant on individual generators , these are causing multiple problems with the weather due to their smoke , oil and gas left behind , in addition to noise , of course , because they are the main source of the 18 continuous hours of noise .
People , especially generator owners , have started using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid of as much as they can of the pollution .
There was a doctor in the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
As soon as I came to university , my life changed .
It was a wonderful experience for me .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's closely related to actual problems , such as problems with the environment .
That is to say , that most cars are not green , namely ; current cars are not designed to have a good impact on the environment .
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park outside of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you ca n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
Another environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by taking care of them . For that we have a care centre and , other additional institutions . We also make environmental protection centers where people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very focussed on taking care of the natural world that surrounds us .
I am one of the students at Telemark University College .
But it is not relevant to my future life .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to Malba .
I was born in Danderyd 's hospital in 2001 .
I have only lived in one place in my life .
Public transport is not convenient for most the people because every person wants to arrive at his destination on time , but when using public transport it is very difficult to arrive on time .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
The rules are simple : just look at the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait until 6:00am and close the doors if you need to . I said OK .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
My hair is brown and my eyes are dark . I will arrive at the Central Station at eleven o'clock and I will wear a read coat and a yellow scarf .
This holiday I am in Barcelona with my girlfriend .
It is the most European city in Spain .
This may be the greatest leap since Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey travelling across the Universe .
Everyone needs to focus not only on his education but also on others .
Our great example of change is Germany .
The solution , I think , would be to fine owners .
We should properly plan for our city to properly look after it .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
I think it will be changed to become a bubile city and contain more high buildings .
What erer Whether it changes or not , I will always like it more than any place in the world .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada . In that school there were good values , like sharing or helping other people .
Best wishes .
I was born in 2001 on August the 10th in Danderyd .
My favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like , you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stops or you can go everywhere you want at a time convenient for you .
I will wait for you at the cinema entrance .
The film is about a girl . She is invited to many weddings and she is a maid of honor at all of them .
She has twenty - seven maid of honor dresses . Meanwhile , she falls in love with a boy who is very handsome , but he works for a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city . He is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't care about keeping personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the beach ) clean .
I think nature will get the most important benefits if everybody takes care of his own space in the best way .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it goes without saying that the day can be tiring if one decides to play the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you will keep up your mental status .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negative way . Most people around the world can see any news live . Media is more helpful for people . Television is also used as a study resource , for example for smart classes ,
I am also a volunteer for a youth church club .
On holiday we do different sports , cook on the fire and have fun .
I love walking near the harbour of my city , so I can have a look at the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take deep breaths .
If you walk at the seaside in the evening you can also have the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that 's great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
As you know , I worked in a youth camp last year , so if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
On the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough to pay for the cost of living in London and in addition the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrive until November !
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
After that , the celebrations began and a lot of their friends came , each one presented a gift to Sara . She was really delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limited fuel resources .
However , it seems that each day a new way of extracting fuels is being explored .
The Great Wall is located to the north of Beijing .
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping into your own car .
Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension about reaching a certain stop at a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one free of issues like harassment .
People often tend to go on their own , as private vehicles , such as cars can be bought easily with loans provided by banks .
On Luckily , I had a mobile phone , but Michael said that we needed to run away because we did not know whether those bullies were around the corner .
He knew that if we had run away at that moment when the granny was on the ground , she would most probably die .
I grew up in Al Qassim region and I had the best time of my life in Al Qassim .
I studied at Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job at the Ministry of Health and I have been working there since 2010 .
Travelling on public transport is cheaper .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially for women , but sometimes it is not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack money , then you will not be able to take pleasure in it .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reigns in that time will focus on companies and making money and spending it . This is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to home offices and the firms are giving more and more facilities for their employees to be more efficient .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon of farmland , forest and wetland disappearing because of some long - term human activities , for instance housing and transport networks are built , destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more houses and transport networks are convenient for our people . What is known to us is that the population growth is a big problem which creates a need for more space for living in .
And building more transport networks is also a benefit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can shorten the time spent on traveling , while the animals may not welcome it .
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new trends in UI
He was everything to her .
Football is my favorite sport , so I pay more attention to it than to any other thing you might think of .
I took this time to command people who sacrifice their entire lives for the betterment of sportsmanship .
My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although I am from Liberia .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
Most people who play tennis are always ready and proud of themselves .
I advise any people who suffer from laziness and obesity to try to walk for at least one hour and after that they will like this sport .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or anything like that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
Her parents , within half an hour of the training 's end , became worried .
Then , when she did n't return home , her parents reported the disappearance of their daughter .
The investigations were concentrated above all on the construction site of Mapello .
Three month after her disappearance , she was found dead in the stream .
A good proportion of the population prefer to buy a car to go to school , the workplace , church in a faster and more comfortable way .
Probably the only opportunity to change this will be to mention to people the opportunity to save energy and reduce the environmental pollution if we use public transportation .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
You can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
were in the next couple of days , but Michael tried to stop me doing that because they never became my friends and I was better at doing those things .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
Our ancestors used to live an unselfish life .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of getting around , such as cycling or walking .
We should find new alternatives for getting around in our routines .
In fact , factories ' waste goes into the rivers .
As we can see , modernization is causing damage to rivers and seas .
In my opinion , pollution is a problem in the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more . Any kind of help is necessary .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week at my house .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
I will look forward to your news about your decision , but I am very excited , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer of my life and I will be very happy because we will have parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that money is very important to your decision .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
After 10 times , I obtained results in my body : stretchy , sinewy and flexible .
In my school days , I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
They gave me the part of THE GOD . At first I was n't aware of how to act and play this particular character .
And from October to December we practised every day after our study hour until eleven " O"CLOCK . DAY BY DAY I learnt and finally I played my role well .
Personally , I believe that those who do not participate in any activities should be encouraged to do so by teachers .Only then will they also know how talented they are .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we are all old . So let go and enjoy your youth and be happier .
I did n't use to believe that people would do anything for advantage , even betray family and friends .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I can see the greed in their eyes , as if they ca n't wait to see me dead . They ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not as bad as some people say .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy at the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay . Also , I have just finished a sports and health course at the Universidad de la Republica , on which I learned to work with people of all ages in the sports area .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
It 's a game for 2 or 4 people .
The positives of playing badminton : you can lose weight , and your vision will be good etc .
The negatives of playing badminton : your right arm is stronger than your left arm , and sometimes , you can sprain your arm .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high school students , their sleeping time averages eight hours or even more .
Others includes rest and exercise , but they do n't take up lots of time .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours a day .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
I never said goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
Someone rang the doorbell and he opened but there was nobody at the door , so he closed the door again .
He heard a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did n't go to investigate that noise .
The doorbell rang again and he opened the door again . His sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was nobody at the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was loader and he understood everything .
Someone was ringing the doorbell while someone else was robbing their house ...
It was by that that her sister was scared and woken up ...
I have played for a lot of teams .
And just as I was becoming a professional football player , my right knee was injured .
Then I had to be operated on twice .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
In September I am going to Madrid to study a master 's in
I am more romantic than my boyfriend .
I am going to study the topic from both sides and give my opinion on the matter .
It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
Congratulations on your wedding . I hope you will be as happy as you are now your whole life .
Thank you very much , Joe , for thinking of me to be your witness . I feel very proud that you thought of me to be your witness and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away because I work for the Red Cross , but I am still the same person as I was at school and I like the same things .
Tell me what kind of suit the witness has to wear , whether I have to bay any colour of tie , a flower .... I 'm really very excited about your wedding .
Anyway , congratulations to you and Jenny again .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . You should start this sport because you will feel good .
If you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
Thank you for showing interest in my village 's concern about the environment .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
Imagine if everyone had private cars . Would we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour next door ?
Taking into account all this , public transport is much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for businesses .
Although the personal car is popular , public transport is still valuable to the country .
Let 's meet at John 's apartment .
To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
Disasters in the environment not only cause many problems for humans but also to all the diversity of life .
First , I am good at cooking .
For more information about my qualifications please see the attachment .
I am a very good player at this . I know to how play it very well .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
I 'm good at improvising games for children , and I 'm a good cook too .
Health is an important part of our lives , so our priority in our city is the environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together for the preservation of the environment .
Firstly , organizing collecting garbage . for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
In conclusion , we look forward to our village being free from pollution and keeping our health and enjoying fresh air where our children will grow up .
To achieve his goal , he trained a lot with one of his colleagues and he gave no importance to the judgements that people had about him and his ambitious desire for victory .
At the end , he continues running . Thanks to this , he achieved his goals .
First , we use the Internet to discover the world 's news ; on the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspapers , such as the New York Times , the Sun and also electronic newspapers .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places in Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
Feel the drama and realism of the best known event in Easter , played for nine years by the inhabitants , " The Passion of Christ " .
I went swimming 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improved a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
If you want to take up swimming , I would recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you are doing exercise .
In the past , most people did not worry about their healthy .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
Like most people , we started to do sport because we were stressed and needed to get out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what has been happening during these past weeks in the reception of the building .
Myths and fables are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
If the government pays attention to improving the streets , decreases the use of cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people wo n't worry about going out .
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old for a month and I organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
I like cooking very much and I think that there are some activities that we could do in the kitchen , like baking cookies or making fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I studied English at university although I am Portuguese .
In order for this to happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for our particular goals .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
However , you can read a book while you eat and drink some things on the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread in the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can visit the biggest shopping center in Spain . The location of this shopping center is on national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos of TV stars , because they shop in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but to your surprise , it always turns out to be something unexpected .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
Then it 's better to concentrate on learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with questions and tests .
On the other hand , learning on the internet in the long term we could feel bored or lonely . School gives opportunities for learning in groups when students can help each other and solve problems .
He has lived in the shadow of his brother , the leader guitarist and one of the most important guitarists ever .
However , he has never thought of this as a problem .
He just does his job , plays guitar and sings as the second voice .
On September 2014 , a note was released and published on AC / DC 's web page . The note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
At the end we read a sentence : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
Our family are people who will love us , and who do n't look at situations and who we are .
We are always small and careless children to our parents , small and foolish to our elder brothers and sisters .
It 's important if we want to know news about our country or world news .
To keep our minds well and healthy , we need to spend some time on sport .
I like cricket . It is the best of all the sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help him .
He tried to stop some cars that passed on the street , but it was useless .
Some people usually do cycling for relaxation .
So would you please reserve a room for me where no animals have lived before ?
Now , I have to wait for an answer from the company .
My favourite sport is handball . I have played it every day since class 4 .
If you 'd like to try playing handball , you must know that the first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for anyone who would like to play any game .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
I have already checked my family name with student services last Friday , 20 November .
Could you please correct my family name .
Sport is very important for our bodies . It has many benefits to improve ourselves and give us self - confidence , so we should practise any sport we love because it can change our minds for the better .
When he was just about crossing the finishing line , he got hurt and his muscles were dying and started to peel off a black matter . At that point , the guys in suits thought that he would n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running . They froze the time and ran after him . He stopped for a moment , but then he started running again and when he crossed the line he woke up in a red somber fluid . He was wiped from the matrix . He opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was in a wooden wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again . Despite that , he stood up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
There was an island that each year in a particular month suffered a hurricane . This island is located on the equator . People go to this island these days but they ca n't go when there is a hurricane , because they could die in the hurricane .
The island was flooded but the island had a levee that prevented flooding . Then after many years , an engineer started constructing a building to have more money than in the city . He put many advertisements on all things : balls , balloons , movies , etc .
Then the engineers called another sector to ensure the doubt about Atlantis . Then the professional said that the other professional was correct .
Then they drank a coffee that give them a lot of energy to construct the building faster . This coffee has an ingredient so that people can live all night .
First , one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was to blame for the elevator .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't tell them about this hurricane .
When I started to study here in Australia , I found the difference in curriculum compared to my home country .
In my home country , when I was at university , it has quite easy for me to follow the educational policies .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent and uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
In contrast , in my present learning , it is absolutely crucial .
The academic style is more about critical thinking , and it is hard to cope , because I need to understand it using their language .
It has challenged me to adapt to a universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because to the reader 's surprise , the headmaster was the drug dealer that produced the drug in the classes .
If you have experience of cooking , you will be the right person for this job .
I have a dream to continue my studies to PhD level .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset to better perspectives .
Although the number of cars is increasing day by day , most people travel via public transport . Their limited income restricts their ability to buy cars .
In order to avoid environmental pollution , people should use public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditure on petrol .
The government should focus on the improvement of public transport and must discourage individual cars .
I 'm going to buy a DVD of ' Frozen ' .
My advice for travelling in Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economical is public transport , the most expensive transport is a taxi , for example .
My advice for finding work is a bit complicated because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
From David .
I had met my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
My boyfriend became my husband .
My work was reserving tickets for the customers .
You can order a set menu that Huang Ji Huang offers or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 to 5 ingredients .
The price is cheap if you take into account the service and the taste of the food .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
I'm thinking about what kind of things were more dangerous for me . It was very dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
There are many views about using the nuclear power .
In my opinion , using nuclear power is important for the great development in human life . Countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure power for people .
Yesterday , I was surfing the Internet and found an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
There were so many trendy clothes at attractive prices .
This is a big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I think you will like it just like me .
He worked a lot , arrived late from his work and never had time to be with Ann .
By plane , you can hand your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . You can always be sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep unless you have a loud person close to you .
The service is very organised and fast . Although it might be high season , you will not have to wait a long time .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or at small tables near the bar .
The rest of the dining room is exclusively for eating meals .
The thing I like best about football is playing it , but I also like watching it . In fact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Like every year , on the twenty - third of April , the day of the book , in my school all the students in the fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner gets a prize .
The prizes are usually a book and a ticket to the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event so that the children can have fun writing their short stories .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think after eating something in the park cleaning up after themselves is good .
However , not everyone does that , so how much the public authorities care about the environment is important and this town cares about that a lot .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many people care about the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis courts , football pitches and play equipment for children , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That means everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
It is a very beautiful T - shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
I like it very much . I play it at a club .
I do n't find any difficulty doing it .
Usually I only play basketball at school .
We play in teams or each one alone .
Also , not all the school play at one time so every section has time to play .
At school I always play with friends and never play alone and my friends and I always win .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out loud with my brother .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our lives . Families definitely play an essential role in society . According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and another specific part of our lives is good partners surrounding our daily activities .
The last film I watched was " The Others " . It is a horror / suspense movie . I was really scared .
Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car on specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
I 'm a member of it and its goal is to improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serve many people who really need our help .
We entered 2 national competitions in 2 years and won second place for one of our projects and gained 2 leagues for other ones .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
In the past , people used to live in the moment without concern about the future .
Because of that , everything was kind of similar and static for many years .
Another example of why lives are going to change completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection with other cultures makes people more concerned about their own health , their expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because every day it will be easier to see how much we are hurting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this has on our lives .
As a result , maybe there wo n't be a young workforce in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money on their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
Traveling on public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
That is why I feel traveling in your own car is the best thing that can happen to a person .
The example of cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
The aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current campus canteen to a location that would be more accessible for all the students . Hence , it will hopefully prove both the profitability of the canteen and the important role it plays for all the students on the campus .
At dawn the man goes out of the cave and looks at the sky to see if there is a bird of prey .
As all of us know , today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
In 1999 some college friends went to the desert on their holiday . They went camping to have fun .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
I am sorry if I have not understood your previous e - mails .
One of the things that I feel stressed about are the final exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused by my notes .
To be honest , I take the finals exams as a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and most of the time , I get good grades .
Nowadays , public transport is hardly necessary to our life .
However , a lot of cities have a problem with traffic because of this . The problem is that citizens do n't use public transport , such as buses , taxis , or even the metro .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
Luckily the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
Some public transport like trains do not pollute as much as cars or motorbikes .
I like to spend time with cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
I would feel more energetic throughout the day If I had some busy or tight - scheduled work . I came across your advertisement for this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every respect , because I have a friendly rapport with people around me . I would be pleased to receive your positive reply .
Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules for the environment , so ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminated and pollution has increased in my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed some foreign enterprises or corporations to take our own resources without demanding that they be careful with the environment .
This is clearly a symptom of how my town does n't care about any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have become conscious of their context .
The recycling of plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the population of the biggest neighborhoods in my town is a way to improve the environment .
I began this sport 2 years ago .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
One day , he woke up early in the morning and he went out to play football before school . When he was playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
After school , he did n't go home directly because he wanted to check if what he had seen in the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
He rushed from his bed to the street and walked to his way to see what he did every morning . When he was walking after the strange man , he noticed that he stopped at every trash can in the street to take a look before going to the next one . And , guess what ? He saw Michael and ran away and Michael was afraid .
I am quite interested in how the stars are getting on .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
It is a gripping film , starring Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in quite good acting , that will keep you tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feeling unpasible .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport . This is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport is more than in smaller cities .
People are getting used to driving their own cars ; it provides more comfort , and is more practical .
The impact of this has huge consequences for climate change . In the future , the global pollution will increase according to the level of cars .
By using public transport we protect the environment .
On the other hand , public transport pollutes less than the car but the car is very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With a car , I feel more free as I do n't depend on other people to get to the destination .
I believe that in the future all transport will be public transport or , at least , mass transport .
He falls in love with her .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love with her .
A few hours later , he was walking past a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he had ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think of something else .
If you do n't want to experience this situation , you must always do things on time .
I think public transport is better for the environment because going by public transport reduces the CO2 emissions and removes traffic from the streets .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required in their place of work .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embarrassment about being Indian .
Also , the ' internet ' nowadays helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to www.bbc.co.uk . These sites are a free way to find the most relevant information about current events , both in society and technology .
When I arrived at home , I started to read the newspaper , so I found out from there that The International Student Magazine have organized a short story competition , and I decided to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael told me he knew about this contest and at that moment he wanted to call me to ask if I was able to come with him to that contest .
After I decided to go with him to the contest , I was thinking about going to that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering what the program was like .
After Michael opened the door to the classroom , I saw in his eyes something strange .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise at what I saw .
I could n't believe my eyes ...
When we came back to our dressing room , " Golem " was waiting for us .
We took all we needed and started the search for Niall ... We went to all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't find them .
One night , while we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave outside of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe my eyes , we had found Niall .
The time spent on taking a plane is lower than taking a car .
Secondly , owning a car is not a normal thing for most developing or undeveloped countries .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
Air pollution is the main cause of global warming .
On the other hand we must mention how the plane sector has been growing . Currently it is the most common mode of transport for going away and that also means that shipping manufacture has decreased deeply , in order to let the plane market boom .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car as most families have one , but public transportation is getting more and more common for those who want to preserve the planet and develop other alternatives more respectful of the planet .
I agree that commuting by car is easier and faster than most public transportation . However , there are serious problems that come from it . The number of vehicles on the roads keeps increasing and causes congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience caused by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future of public transportation will be more prosperous .
Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant in the city .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
To begin with , nowadays people are addicted to mobiles . For example , young people waste their valuable time on mobiles .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
If you want to start to ride a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies . Although this kind of movie is actually sometimes a little bad , in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was totally surprised by this one .
On the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required destination , because public transport takes a long route to get to more places and as more people take advantage of it , public transport is usually crowded and is not on time .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood for 15 minutes .
After school , I keep running on a track to be an athlete in a school sports team .
I come back home at sunset .
When I jump to throw the ball in the basket , I feel like I am flying .
When I run with the ball , I feel like I am holding a goal or a valuable object and I should offer my best to put it in its place and do it in the right way .
What I like most about this game is that the smallest number of players can play it , even two players . I recommend everyone to try it , especially with their friends or family .
In this episode of my life I will to talk to you about my daily routine .
On the other hand , people should think about the environment , pollution , global warming , which are all currently warning .
We should think of a better future and try to be environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution which is caused by cars and not think only of our comfort .
On my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money on them is like wasting money .
But , that future is very far from our current situation .
Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in many ways . When we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
With public transport you do not need to worry about filling up with petrol , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long way .
In the future , cutting public transport will affect many people .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at at least 3 cars per household , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
Michael had just realized that he had n't heard the alarm clock , so he got in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late for work .
Furthermore , they give advice to all those novices at basketball " do n't ever lose the passion " , because if they give up , they wo n't play with the biggest players in the world .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnaire consists of what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
I think there are no negative sides to jogging .
I have been really into skiing since I was a baby .
Since then , every year , I go to northern Italy to practice .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is in the city centre opposite the station .
The meals are English cuisine and with some European dishes too .
When I went there last , it was on my birthday and I went there with my family .
Public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat . I hate public transport because I was attacked by a madman once . also taxi is not a good mode of transport . I hope I have my own car soon to avoid public transport . Travelling in your car makes it easier and better .
I am writing with regard to your outsourcing service because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
If you do have this service , maybe you are the people that I am looking for .
I 'm a really sporty person . I love different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that doing exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I recommend all people who want to run , if you do n't feel like you 're improving , keep going anyway and with time you will see results .
This is an introduction to how to make bank notes .
The most essential and key process is manual inspection of printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
Suddenly something happened . I needed to work to play my studies in high school , so life changes anyway . I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I needed to study at that time . It was more important to me .
The hugest gap is in 1981 , when the cheapest price was combined with the highest expenditure on cigarette packs in the whole interval .
From the beginning of the world till now , mankind has wanted a fast income and an easy way of life , so he tries more and more to find a solution to his problems by creating new ways of living more easily and more conveniently for him .
So , transportation is one of the most important issues facing mankind , because it is related to interaction between people , like trade and many other purposes .
Today , many people use their own vehicle instead of public transport . The other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to work and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting lower and lower .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
However , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport because the roads are full of vehicles .
Providing that we care about the environment .
I 'm looking forward to people having more interest in this case .
They live in the moment .
Besides , they say all the time : ' Carpe diem ' .
I hope I can live with him in the same place .
We had a fun time at the beginning of our lives , when we were kids .
My older brother helped us with studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relationship between us is n't close .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
I think that the increase in teenage crime is because their parents do not set limits on them , and do not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
What if it was my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened at my work ?
The flowchart provides an overview of the steps for making bank notes . It shows how bank notes are manufactured from design to a thing we can use .
Depending on the quality of sheets , there will be two results . If the quality is good or the bank note is partially damaged but can be used , it will be cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and dispatched , while any bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
My height is about 5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arriving at 20 past 3 .
It is situated on the main road opposite my home .
Near to the entry , someone welcomes customers and answers their questions .
There are some big shelves in the center of the supermarket that are divided into different parts for different kinds of goods , like dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiments , beans , grains , rice , etc .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
Michael is a good boy and he always listens to his mother . on time , Michael was very angry because he got a bad score in his test . when he got home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what was wrong .
In your last email you told me about your lack of time for enjoying your hobbies .
And I know which subject you 've always been interested in : music .
I prefer travelling in a car or by motorbike . I feel safe .
In the morning , I go to school by bus with my brothers , but they get up earliest .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It 's not necessary to be nice and kind to everyone , but our class actually is . At the weekends , the whole class gather together at different events .
It all started at the Parson Institute in the art history class . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , assigned a task to his students , saying :
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
So , I 'm really thinking about leaving this sport .
Everyday I get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends . I exercise more and more to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world . I 'm a champion of my sport , so , I seek to put all my efforts into being the best in the world . Finally I did not have the encouragement of my family or my teachers .
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits of learning another language .
I have to say that studying another language gives you more opportunities , because these days you need to know other languages to find a job and be more intelligent than your colleagues to get the work and that 's great .
These days , most people feel comfortable travelling by car and so they believe that public transport is not going to continue for long .
In the towns of the future , care for the environment will be one of the most important things .
Human beings have destroyed our environment over time , and now the earth is in danger .
I have recently bought an electric car as a substitute for my traditional car .
An electric car is less harmful to the environment .
In the future , I hope to live in a clean town and I 'm sure that most people are now thinking this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody likes to live in a dump .
In Korea , people have to do military service for at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to do it for 1 year in Taiwan .
Secondly , it is important for people to become mature when they complete military service , which probably is a particular experience at 18 years old .
In addition to having hard physical training and getting different special skills , people also can improve their personal qualities through military service .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice about military service .
Some people are unwilling to do military service , while some people volunteer for military service and possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect rights of people , especially women who are not able to adapt to the hard training .
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteer for it when they have completed their studies .
I really appreciate your encouraging us every time in class .
In the schools , we set up a workshop to tell students how important the environment is to our lives .
I am very proud of the awareness of my city 's people .
I was in a museum in New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I heared the museum alarm . Everyone was afraid , including me .
I went to my apartment and turned on my TV and I saw on the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to wait and hide in the bushes if I saw someone entering .
They left the house in a truck .
We were at the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
We got on a train . The ceiling was comfortable but everyone was complaining about the two men .
I finally trapped them . Their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I told the police and the police put them in jail .
And the paintings are in the museum again .
He had an interview to get a scholarship so that he could pursue his dream of studying medicine in Ireland .
He went to the bus station to catch the bus .
He took a few minutes walking to the bus station from his house .
After the bus arrived , he got on and half an hour later he arrived at the destination .
After waiting for an hour , the time came and , bravely , with a high confidence level , he walked into the office .
Kill two birds with one stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and can still pursue his dream of studying in Ireland .
I want the job at the summer camp . I will look after children between 8 - 12 years old . I will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , I could work in the kitchen .
I want to do this course , because it will help me to enlarge my vocabulary .
First , the restaurant has a wide variety of food .
The chef can make the menu of the day for dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
you can choose from two rock or pop bands and one DJ .
People complain about how the information in different TV shows does n't contribute to the process of learning . That 's why many of these programmes are considered trash , because of the multiple shows such as reality shows , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that have appeared recently . This type of program is one where the information is often gossip about the personal lives of famous singers and actors without taking into account whether they are true or not .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you go to and from a specific place , but on a bus , you go to the bus stop and not to your house or school , work ...
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
Not everything is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place and the pollution is increasing . It is a serious problem and the solution is only for rich people . The solution is buying an electric car . The other solution , more economical , is for the government to give money to the people to buy an electric car .
In the end , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed tried to escape this horrible result .
The first reason is that all the actors show their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly . This essential element also gives great success to the film .
However , I think the props should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors ' costumes . The knife looks as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are second - hand clothes . I think this is a pity in this movie .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
Living abroad , even for a short time , could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
I have done several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
I play basketball at school .
When your body takes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
And this will cause diseases in the long run .
Nowadays , I am studying for a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operations , not just focus on furniture , but also on home appliances .
Nowadays , people have a lot of fear of pollution of the planet .
One of the new rules for the reduction of pollution in the cities is public transport .
But the best was the Guards of Bukingham Palace .
Government policy changes help a lot with water preservation .
Many factories are following the regulations and not draining the harmful waste into the water .
Secondly , closed trash bins are provided for the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
You must care about your food and your habits so that you have a healthy body .
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate in competitions .
This is a story about a country where there were no cats .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world ! Many of our classmates really like you too ! We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school . My English results are better since you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings ! Your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you both . I hope you that you will come back sometimes !
Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
In general , its sales were falling as time went by .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives like buses , trains or even planes for long distances .
On the other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling in their own vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
Life is divided up in terms of time . We live through time , we grow with time
Time never stops and does n't wait for anyone .
We must value time . I hope my country is like a developed country in making the best use of time .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became famous and rose through the suitable use of time . They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either helping you or against you , and the popular saying is right : " do n't put off the work of this day to the next day " because our work will accumulate . Then it will become harder to finish it . To ensure the best use of time in our lives , we need to be punctual . Punctuality avoids tension and trouble . Finally , even scientists have another vision of time . They have discovered that time is the fourth dimension through relativity theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
Our friends always ask after you and your family .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad sheets and notes are disposed of .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed . Factors for consideration include the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
It is an Egyptian movie starring Khalen Aboelnaga and some young actors . The action of this film takes place in Alexandria , a city in Egypt , and it is about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they do n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of band is famous among young people and they call it " underground bands " . Their songs give a big concenet to the political and social situation in Egypt and they became famous after the 25 January Revolution . I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society . There is no chance for young people and if they find it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they do n't find time for other activities , and sometimes they work on something which they never learn from or love .
The most exciting day of my life was May 9th last year , when I attended secondary school .
I went to France with my friends and my teachers .
I caught the bus and I waved to my mum .
After six hours , we had lunch in a fast food restaurant in France .
In the evening we had dinner in a particular restaurant and my friends and I took many photos of a famous sight .
The day after , we went to a perfumery and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted us to speak French .
On a nice day , my older brother surprised me .
When we need to punish it we spread some drops of water on its face .
my first job was as a babysitter .
I had to look after two little boys aged seven and nine years old .
I hope to have answered all your questions .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
In particular , I was the youngest member of the family , and I caused much more trouble when I was young .
This town is located in the central zone of Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) surface area , and has more than seven million inhabitants . The economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a direct effect on how we care for the environment .
The most important factor in environmental improvement is the lack of the required knowledge among the local people .
Based on necessity , the people and government of this town together effectually take care of the environment .
Fortunately , Kabul is surrounded by mountains and has a mountainous climate . This town has approximately 15 mm of rain per year . The remarkable agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect on Kabul 's environment and produces fresh air for the citizens of the town .
This is an excellent opportunity for me because I want to work as an English teacher .
Later , I studied to be an English teacher at the university of Extremadura .
I worked in the English holiday school this year and I have learned a lot through this experience .
Then , it can be played indoors , and it can be played in the sun .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure of your energy so as not to be exhausted before the match is over .
Nowadays , young people are influenced by the western culture , so they are getting more fashion - conscious . Youngsters are interested in wearing different stylish and colorful clothes . They are happy about wearing different color clothes . They do n't want to wear our traditional dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more . They only like to wear shirts , pants , skirts , t - shirts and many more . Youngsters are influenced by watching different programmes on television .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I would enter the competition .
In the end , I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I went back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were outside of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in their hands and they asked me for an autograph .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies into a round shape .
I need my employees to be punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Technologies are moving on at high speed .
Buying cars and scooters is more convenient than in the last decade .
Using private vehicles is more convenient for them than using public transport .
If it so there will come a time when individual people will not be interested in public transport .
I feel about my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of them as friends .
On public transport , you do n't have your own seat , so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold outside , it 's cold inside too . Sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit the illness to you .
Years ago I was very worried about what would happen in the future .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies have advertisements about helping the planet .
Moreover , from kindergarten , schools are educating about taking care of the planet , simply by doing things like separating the garbage .
Obesity and other things about help , is a very important topic , because people are dying because of this problem .
Compared with the past , people are more aware and are worried about the world .
As a result of that , we will have a better life , more healthy and clean in the coming years .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
Firstly , private transport provides a comfortable way to travel from one place to another without sharing with strange people and , by using this kind of transport , is also convenient because you are free to choose the time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
People from India and Pakistan coming to the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life . the day was 29 October 2009 . That day I had a university admission test at Shajalaj university .
Before that day , I was frustrated , so it brings happiness to my mind .
After talking with her for a few minutes , I became so happy .
So I was just thinking about how to convince her .
There was no other option for me . I just wanted her . During the exam , I was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
Three days later , our results were published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food in the city . I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
In 1810 , there was a war for independence in Mexico and many people fought with other people . For example , Miguel Hidalgo is considered " The father of independence " and he fought with the Spanish monarchy .
He gave arms to the whole city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum like other famous people from that war .
You should knew that the price to visit the museum is very cheap : $ 15.00 for an hour . If you want to spend more time , the price increases by $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
It brings unity between countries .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
For this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to be behind others . Therefore , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
In the streets it is a little warm .
Not all of Russia is always under snow .
Michael just felt nothing different to usual . He was on his way to school .
He saw some street performer on the street .
He loves music so much that he turned down other courses , just concentrating on music .
At first , he just pretended nothing was happening .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
To tell the truth , shopping is so boring for men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable . I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late because of the delays . I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
Tell me your opinions on this subject in comments .
So to finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , which was a day - by - day diary of our jogging distance , time , and mood during our workout .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
I can give advice to people who are interested in playing cricket . They must know all the rules of cricket before playing it .
But I know that a lot of young people play tennis . I hope that Italian tennis players will be very famous all over the world in a few years ' time , then you wo n't wait to sign up to a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
l like the cool breeze from the ocean while I 'm walking along the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
I really think that we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
If people travelled more often on public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to ban entrance to their towns for private cars to stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
He seems different . She never imagined that Jason could be like that . She imagined someone brave and strong , and she never foresaw something like this . But she felt something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
Elizabeth seems to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convinced , because when he kissed her , he did n't feel anything , he did n't feel that the ground disappeared , and when his face turned red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like she was very sorry for kissing him .
When they entered the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
Moreover , when I am running , I can think through a lot of things about myself or how to solve some of the problems of daily life .
In the past , cars were only affordable for the upper classes , while for the middle class and lower there were not many choices for them besides walking and public transportation .
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
As we know , public transportation is not a direct way to get to all our destinations and it forces us to stop at many stops first . Moreover we have to take another one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted that people think a car is more comfortable to use rather than public transportation .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there is so much traffic , so people waste more time on the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car disappear and the importance of public transportation is needed .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
Even the grass ca n't live on earth .
And . And I do n't know if they will change their minds in the next fifty years .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5th of September .
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
On those days , there are a lot of people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
With the first problem , you should organise the timetable in order to have one class at a time .
And the solution to the second problem is that you should do maintenance once a year .
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea for our new school project is really interesting .
June 21st is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist . Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
I just want to express what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of being away and seeing your closest person has departed is the most painful feeling ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a newcomer to IMAS .
My Life at University
Life at university involves a lot of difficult and interesting things .
Now that I live at university , my life has changed a lot .
In addition , my major is English , so teachers teach and explain in English , and I could n't keep up with lessons well at first .
I was very unsure of myself and I could n't make friends well , so I think that it was too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking . They help me to keep up with my teacher ' s lessons .
Secondly , studying at university , I have to live a long way from home , which makes me homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange people . They 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Before I want to pay for something , I always think carefully about whether it 's really necessary or not .
Because my family always did everything for me when I lived with them , it 's very difficult to be independent .
While I am jogging , I can think about all the daily things in my life .
On one day I might go alone , so I can calm down or think things through .
On another day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer in her office to go back home .
Suddenly , Agatha sees , through the windows , a 30-year - old man . He 's tall and is wearing 19th century clothes . He is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He had come to Agatha 's investigation office to ask her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
When he arrives she tells him about the occurrence .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle as that .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is full of many world famous paintings .
This museum houses the historical collection of the Spanish royal family from many centuries ago to the present time .
I have a car and I can go to a lot of places , because it is fast .
The pollution is the first problem with public transport
Suddenly , a man in black told us that we should plug the machine into the electricity .
hello John good days and what we need to make this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavoring for the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
It looked afraid and nervous .
It was like it was waiting for a terrifying event .
I stood in front of the door for forty minutes and I rang again and again .
I am writing to you to apply for the position at a summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play it .
I often play it for about 2 hours in the afternoon .
As you know , doing sports gives us many benefits . You can join a club and have more friends .
Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
My nightmare journey took place in August 2011 .
My family and I were returning from a holiday that we spent at the seaside .
My father rang friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop where you can find a lot of by fashionable Italian and Spanish designers .
My town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment . They provide us with good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for these buses at a cheap price . They also try to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by recycling . Also , people try all the time to find the best way to keep our village clean ; they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens . They also take care of the fuel in their cars to not be bad for the environment . So , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment alongside the government .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China . However , Australian rules specify that citizens drive on the left of the road .
Thirdly , students may not be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread . Because of the unfamiliar environment , students may lack a sense of security .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by students of the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely . At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australian culture , in order to fit in quickly .
I 'm studying teaching at college because I want to be a teacher .
For instance , we could go swimming at the beach .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look after them because I am quite responsible .
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
In my country , we follow cricket like a religion .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout this game .
So . I need more information about eating customs in different countries .
Have you ever heard of stamina food ?
This is because , when I was young , my parents fed it to me every summer season .
So , tell me as soon as possible about your country 's special eating customs and manners , and stamina food as well .
Let 's imagine a twenty - first century teenager in the Middle Ages . do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
Often , evolution is a return to origins , but I hope that man in the coming years will not forget the past .
The subway reaches most parts of London , and people can travel to many places .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the development of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . For example , taking advantage of public transport .
This is caused by the waste from factories , but also by the damage that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic waste , which is our reality ? We should all learn to manage our waste , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great threat to the environment .
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
The furniture consists of a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red cloths .
Despite this , the restaurant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hung up on the walls .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking at .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
That 's it , not because of being non - clever .
Being unsuccessful at studying is a horrible thing , it affects people badly .
Whatever . In high school , the senior year here in our country identifies your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working for its knowledge , so I got that I should do my best this year so my future would be better . And it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like they see me , and that all my previous marks were n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we will have a good time and we will laugh a lot .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as you check it .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share with everyone .
On our earth , hundreds of millions of people live .
We build roads for us and make life easy and better .
We make the transport easy . However , we take away other animal s ' lives through carelessness .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that .
When students finish their classes , they take the bus home .
Workers , when they are off duty , take the bus home , too .
Taichung has plenty of trees in the park .
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement about working in summer camps in the USA .
It 's quite a strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and great - grandfather had travelled in time .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thankful for an ordinary day . "
It 's good for studying English as well as for the plot .
Today , on the roads there are a lot of cars , buses , motorcycles , and other kinds of transportation .
All people should use their own cars to go somewhere only when it 's necessary , because each car on the road is bad for our environment .
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints over which translators must agonise .
But there are a variety of techniques which help to tackle these kinds of problems .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of puns as a stylistic feature and how puns are transferred from one language into another .
The garbage cans are around each home .
There are many small garbage cans around cafes , stores , and other public places .
The first computer was created in 1946 by John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because public transport usually has its own lane , while if you use a car , you take more time because there is a lot of traffic in your lane .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the most used mode of transport , although new modes of transport could change this situation .
When they go to work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
I am writing to you about the advertisement in the Mirror daily newspaper .
I am really very interested in the job on your summer camp . I have worked for seven months in Spain in a similar job .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents . For example , they do homework , go to sleep at regular hours and come back home after school .
If they choose bad , they could begin to stop doing things which were important to them in previous periods in their lives .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited by many ethnic groups since ancient times .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point to observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
The next day , Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
We will find new sources of energy which will be clean and cheap .
Computers will write what you think , mobiles will be smaller and lighter .
Tourists will travel to other planets . People will live on the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher was n't there . Maybe the teacher had gone to the bathroom . Suddenly , the door was opened by a teacher , a teacher who was wearing a bikini came into sight . This incident came as quite a surprise to Michael . She flirted with Michael . Michael felt excited but ran out of the office , but he regretted his action . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would like to tell you about this experience and how much I enjoyed working in there .
I have all the needed traits for this job : knowledge of cooking , politeness and diligence at work .
He mostly played in the number 10 even though he also played in numbers 80 and 45 .
Even though most people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
The kitchen looks small and simple .
This book got me interested and I began reading more and more . The more I read , the more I loved it . At this time nothing mattered to me . I wanted to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I wanted the end of the book to be amazing , but at the same time , I did not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Maybe there will also be great new discoveries in medicine that will make all kinds of disease disappear .
To sum up , I think that we should expect a great future in which man will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to that , he will change everyone 's lives for the better .
Jose is not at my university but we are good friends .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
Next , you can play with anyone with confidence and control .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journeys on trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them is totally different from that from cars .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was kept in a museum in Conecticut where she is visited by a priest who blesses her twice a month .
Everyone is terrified and finds out that a demon is attached to the doll .
Nowadays , we can see that , increasingly , public transport needs to improve the quality of its services . People need this kind of transport daily to go to work , go to school and in general depend so much on public transport .
The government can improve public transport by making a great investment like changing the old vehicles for new and increasing the number of buses , trains and building more bus stops and trains stations . This kind of action will help a lot to improve the quality of public transport for the population and will make the life of the people easier .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus and the trains are full and many times are also dirty and late .
I hope my proposal will be useful to you .
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with the whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports on many of the websites .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks on our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we only learn about this in our home , in our childhood . Accordingly , I am one of the few teenagers in the world worried about it , so I really do help the environment as far as I can .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
Then , I suppose that in every country much more renewable energy will be used instead of nuclear energy to ensure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric cars to reduce the atmospheric pollution .
At the moment , there is more than one car per person . That is a problem for me because people do n't take care the of environment .
What is more , he is a good husband and a good father to his children .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life for their citizens , but our country is still under - insured .
For example , I can watch a lot of matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid and Messy for Barcelona .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book in my free time , because I prefer stories to short articles .
I usually wake up at 10 am , but on that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .
The reason he asked me to go to Balla was because Noman would feel lonely there as Badhon and her mother were not going .
It stalled in the road several times while we were on the way there .
So I was feeling very anxious in case the car broke down on Aricha highway .
I do n't feel comfortable on highways for many reasons .
Those are the most dangerous roads in the country . If there is an alternate way , I always use that .
Maybe it 's because of that I have a high regard for the road .
Though he was unwilling to sit there because Abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
When the car stopped to get oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back seats of the jeep .
While I was listening to Noman , I was discerning that I should question more .
We stopped our car at a roadside tea stall to take tea .
When we talked to our seniors , I think I had to control myself though they talked about unreal things .
You can have some other choices , for example , you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your journey or thirsty .
But , on the other hand , because , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable : so many cars ; very noisy ; unclean air produced , public transport has become better for saving the planet .
All over the world , people always need advice to keep looking after their environments . First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students with tips that should help us to make our environment clean . Second , they should run awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste paper baskets , which helps workers to recycle it easily . Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
But in the region where I live I had not found one .
Every day we spent time on the beach and in the sea .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema for my class and see a film about what I had studied in the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writers .
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
The relationships between countries are also significant , as we can see discord between countries , hoping that it will not lead to war .
He started to watch the kids running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple from yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults ; the insulin is generated but it does not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose are stored in the body .
We studied hard together to prepare for the university exam , shared our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
He seemed like my boyfriend .
During the rest of that boring week , I did a 1000-piece puzzle .
After the exams finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I had watched them due to the exam week .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired from the exam , so I spent all day lying on the sofa doing nothing apart from watching the TV and chatting with my friends .
After arriving at the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to ride bicycles for one hour .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
You can walk through the same streets and enter the same shops the Romans entered some centuries ago !
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment worse because of the emission of so much carbon dioxide .
And think deeply about the problem of protecting the environment .
My mammy tells me a story at night .
Mom makes the special foods for festivals .
Steve Ramsay works for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and lives in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
I wake up at 5 o'clock in the morning .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lungs perceive and breathe all the smells of the flowers , and the land . First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as fast as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns around the park .
What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
It is during this moment that I get to talk to God .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each person , and doing it each morning improves our health and takes away all the bad from our body .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales of ice - cream in different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool from Jan to Dec .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars per year about ice cream van .
First , the graph showed an upward trend for the ice cream van and , in 2014,it had the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars from Jul - Sep .
Maybe because in this period of time the weather was cold , the number of purchasers is greatly reduced .
You can go out of your house and take your car and leave for your job and park very close .
Also , we have to promote people getting jobs close to their accommodation or getting accommodation close to their jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward companies that hire staff close to the place of work , maybe in a radius of 4 kilometres , and we could reward people that change their accommodation to live near to their job or for going there by bicycle .
However , I am stopped by recent tragic developments in foreign countries .
It 's possible I will join them , because I have never been to Sochi and everyone should visit this wonderful city once in their life .
They 're more for self - defense , but what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
I suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I have to start saying that I never imagined swimming as my favorite sport , because until my back injury , I did other sports . I mostly like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but because of my injury I had to start swimming and now I love it .
The reason why I enjoy this sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have read it is the most complete sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should look for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you need one , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not in practice and know your swimming style is not the best , I recommend professional assistance .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , standing just beside the bed .
She tried screaming and calling me as I was sleeping peacefully beside her .
Even worse , two of them started whispering in her ears , die … die .. .
I was watching a YouTube clip on my iPad .
It was just a dream , but very real .
- feel drowning down when they are about to fall asleep ( so they know it will happen ) .
- see someone or some people standing beside or riding on them .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled her under the bed while stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
I am in the third year at university , I do n't know what the Master 's will be that I am going to do , but I want a Master 's related to programming .
I have many difficulties with programming , but I think that if I work hard I can overcome my difficulties .
Next week we are going to prepare some equipment to solve this problem .
I want to write a review of my book about Nigeria and read another book about robots and their mechanisms .
I am going to try to read these books to improve my English , because in the future I intend to take the first certificate .
Spanish food is fantastic , there are a lot of restaurants for you to eat at and I think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present to Peter .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to go back to his country .
There , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
I will help you as much as I can .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he could learn his lesson . You must not lie to or deceive your mother .
I think that public transport is always going to be very important in our life , because not all people have the possibility to buy a car , and because public transport is less expensive than a car . So for that reason , public transport in the future could exist , because public transport is a necessity all over the world , not only because of money , but also for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
Beginning with one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice Age .
Always in front of your audience .
The result depends on : confidence , volume of the voice , body posture and audience .
Peter had just got out of school and he realized that he was late for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he had to have lunch with his family and take the dog to the vet 's for his annual vaccine .
Peter had a quick lunch in ten minutes , spent another two minutes finding the bike and putting the dog in the basket ; at the vet 's surgery , three people were waiting , so Peter was forced to wait .
After an hour , the dog was vaccinated and taken home , but his mother needed a bottle of milk .
Unfortunately , Anne , his sister , had just taken the bike , so he was forced to walk to the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needed a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market near home did n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going to the lesson or waiting for his father to get home to get the milk with the car ?
If I am in public and want to give a presentation , I always get nervous .
I love writing but I am not confident about my grammar .
I call this mistake " Du " .
Sport is an activity that helps people be in an optimal physical condition .
I advise all people that want to start this sport to begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match this increase or this inflation .
The duration of military service should be from around 12 months to 20 months .
Also , there are different types of training during military service . People generally do a lot of training in obedience or how to use weapons .
As this topic , one of the reasons why everyone should not have to complete military service is because of freedom of choice .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt at a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and go to sleep .
They have some paintings by Leonardo da Vinci which really impress me .
There have been many projects to improve the care for the environment .
In my country , you can make a lot of effort to take care of the environment , but the bad attitude of our people is a big problem .
They do n't spend money on a good container .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags of rubbish in a good container .
If it happens , you must continue doing the best you can .
Adolescence has always been the hardest part in anybody 's whole life .
At this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing you could turn the clock back , but it 's all no good .
At some point , you wish it was all an illusion . You need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
Television can improve knowledge of current affairs .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages to television .
Watching TV seems to be top of our list of things to do after a long hard day 's work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
TV stimulates two learning styles , which are visual and auditory .
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis of the new music .
From 1966 - 1967 huge changes took place .
Drivers drive the cars at full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than other circuits .
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered on those which have an apex maturity of science .
Science replaces human labor with tools , but what about happiness ?
Very often , it has been criticized for changing indigenous cultures through so - called luxurious development that is contradictory to religious faith .
But living in the 21st century , it 's difficult to blame science when we are benefited through its technological applications in our everyday life to an ever - greater extent .
Travelling using any form of transport has become one of our needs . In the past , people used to spend hours waiting for public transport . Now , we can afford any of those modern cars at the dealership .
Another disadvantage is the unclean chairs on public transport .
Therefore travel by car is ready now .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops if you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
The issue of whether there is no future for public transport is a topic that has caused an ongoing argument . In my essay , i intend to discuss contravening viewpoint in more depth .
First , some people believe that public transport is a significant part of our life and it 's more difficult to rely only on our cars .
My favorite way to travel is by plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate waiting . In my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quickly , you do n't want to take a long time . And the plane is the best way of travelling in the world and is safer than other ways . You can see on the pollution of people who have had an accident , how often an accident happens by plane , so anyway if it has happened , I ca n't imagine it . Finally , I hope everyone who likes to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
Also , there were a lot of different channels that we chose from .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
My studies at the Tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score worldwide , but also has so many good things . For example , we have a lot of exchanges all around the world . When you have the opportunity to do an exchange , you have to deal with the language and the culture of the other country . That means you have to be responsible for studying the basic things about that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
The aim of the report is to write about how our town takes care of the environment .
We do everything to make our town more green . Our citizens always have new ideas that make a difference to our daily lives .
Now some scientists have suggested having warnings on some types of food and drink .
To begin with , we have to try to use the car or the bus as little as possible and try to get to any place on foot or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted into the environment .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it into the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
But one of them had died a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
One day in the morning , Paxton was waiting for Long and the writer , but he heard that someone was calling him . Suddenly , he goes to the beach and is killed by the shadow .
As we 've seen , these days , the number of cars is increasing so much every year .
The program I started at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
I am struggling at school .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is in hospital for 14 days .
The future of transport is public , because there will be less traffic .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport . This type of transport has a route and just takes you to specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
Michael is a 22-year - old man , he has studied for a degree in electrical engineering and now he wants to put his knowledge into practice .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just picked up his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting his CV .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
It 's on top of a big hill with difficult slopes to climb up because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never fell to a direct assault . Finally the Castellan 's army , after a long siege , forced the government to surrender it .
I like this place because I can enjoy good views of my city .
First of all , a boat travels on the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
All in all , travelling on the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safe .
I had n't ever heard of doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , asked me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join a sports centre which had taken over organising this amazing outdoor activity .
Rafting lets you burn all your adrenaline while you try to get down a river in a mini - boat .
In addition , you 'll enjoy the breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife on both sides of the river .
One of the most important experiences , I think , was coming to study in Tijuana .
Before I came here , I was so dependent on my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I was 4 years , old I went to live in Ensenada because my father worked there .
From when I was born to when I was 18 years old , I was living with them , but now I live in a small apartment .
Before I came to live in Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
To sum up , coming to live in Tijuana was a real challenge for me .
I live in a small village in countryside with only a few people .
We separate paper from glass and also plastic .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times per month and undifferentiated three times a week for all people who live in my country .
All people in the world have friends . I 'm not an exception .
It is true that there are a lot of users that want to use a car and that number is growing . There are also a lot of people that do n't have the possibility to have a car and some use public transportation for many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic . Sometimes it is so exhausting for people to drive for many hours and even sometimes public transportation is faster .
Public transportation is convenient for some people and some people think the car is more convenient . Finally , we will need public transportation in the future .
However , we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live on less than a dollar per day .
I 'm writing about my summer job at the Cinema .
It was really brilliant , because I could see a lot of films for free and I met all the young people of my country .
In the morning , I walked around the cinema and the most important place in my country and I talked about the films that people could watch .
I could n't buy tickets for the films but I could give a lot of discounts to all my friends !
I cried a lot in this film , but it was very important to me because I love Disney films .
Looking forward to your answer
First of all , this is a report that will explain how the city of Vancouver handles their rubbish .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
With reference to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Please be advised of the right amount on the settlement date .
Awaiting your prompt amendment .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options for communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelopes and stamps to send a letter .
You need to play it in a team .
Basketball is recognized by people all over the world .
I am very good at cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that my profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I work in an office and have no idea where my friends are .
Now , when I swim in the open pool , I am overwhelmed by positive emotions .
In addition , you do n't think about your problems and the only thing that you do is have fun and do what you want to do .
Many countries have truly started to be concerned about the environment and worried about globe warming . In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy . Also , they teach them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns .
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes on the people who do not pay their taxes to the council for removal of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycle instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city . Also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
So if you want to visit any country , I 'm going to recommend Italy .
But this is not the end of our trip . We went on a voyage on a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
While watching the film , I imagined if I was the fiancee of Adam .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I am not used to cooking for this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be a great help to you this summer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me about the job .
To put it simply , the new generation has decided to take their driving licence and I have seen this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
This affirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , says everything . For example , if we think of the time we spend on waiting for a bus to arrive at our destination , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer to buy a car . It is more practical and faster .
Varese has many attractions among which there is the lake , where I like to go .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go walking with my friends in the afternoon .
Based on the author 's two concerns , the statement that came to the conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
From this point view , the decrease in business must be caused by other factors , but not skateboard users .
To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above into the argument .
In conclusion , cocaine is the most dangerous addiction , because you die prematurely and your body is destroyed by the cocaine .
There is an increasing trend towards private transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
For example , lunchtime travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emissions of carbon mon oxide , which affects red blood cells and irritates the respiratory system . As a result , they prefer private transport systems to prevent such hazards .
To illustrate , if teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge for them .
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting for our company .
The discrepancy between these two places is great .
Recently , when I was on YouTube , I saw a movie trailer . The film looked so good , and days later , my friends asked me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that I had seen days before .
What Noa does not know is that she was in love with him from the first time that she saw him .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
You can swim all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
I came upon your ad in the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I 'm a great people person and have great knowledge of computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a jr . chef .
My advice to anyone who wants to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
My history of basketball was very short .
I wish you lots of luck here .
On Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
At those times , a car is convenient to use .
Different people will need different functions , options and functionality in the future house .
The film that I selected stars Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film tells us the story of Monica ( Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine life on " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean . The problems start when Monica falls in love with Martin .
I work in a coffee shop in the city centre .
One of my main responsibilities is preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
After that , I go to English class 3 days a week .
At home I have lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look in charity shops and at boot sales , because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
A few months ago , I read Les Miserables , by Victor Hugo . I read this book when I was in high school , but I did n't think about the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public transport ; you can move around the city and reduce the time it takes . Sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of travelling is cheaper .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation may be changed in 50 years .
Maybe we will invent flying cars or electric bikes .
An example could be to have free entry to the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
My town makes great efforts to take care of the environment . They have put many bins in the streets to keep it clean and they prevent private transport on many days to keep the air clean . They plant trees to absorb co2 and release oxygen , they build factories away from the houses of citizens to prevent the respiratory diseases which are a result of air pollution from factories . So , not only my country itself but also individuals follow a proper procedure to keep the environment clean .
In 1994 , The Scream , one of the most expensive paintings in the world , was stolen from the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
In particular , I am highly skilled at welcoming and directing customers .
In my previous job , I was paid the compliment that
I can provide extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was in an unexpected situation .
There are some people treat time like something of their own , they have the right to waste it and the right to look after it .
However , we should have a balance between both types .
I did not care about time . I used to say , this is my life and my time .
He would leave me at home or I had to pay him two riyals for every minute if I was late for him .
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
We have to consider that people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare metal plates for printing .
Finally , inspectors at the bank manually check all printing sheets and divide them into three categories : " bad sheets " are sent for disposal , where things are securely destroyed ; " Good quality sheets " will go for packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
I 'd like to write on this subject because it 's a very important topic .
I enjoy it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stadium & support my team with my flag & cheers .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond for a long time , we could definitely make ourselves frustrated .
Also , the satisfaction of the customers pushes me to work harder and be better at my job .
It was the best concert of my life .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
As you know , soccer is a sport which has many people in a team , so it requires us to unite and assist each other .
Most girls do n't like this . I think that it brings us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
I hope that you will try it someday and realize it is true .
When I lived for more than 12 years in the countryside , I was dependent on buses and trains .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbidden on account of the fact that young children are still very vulnerable .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertising because of the severe consequences it has on the parents ' and child 's relationships .
It is common to see parents having issues with their kids because of this kind of commercial .
One day , Sophia got really excited about an advertisement for a barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three - year - old kid - did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , not speaking to her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly in favour of this statement . Advertisements for young kids , not only upto 5 but upto 8 years old should be forbidden because of the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
Finally , if the advertisements are still broadcast , it is essential some educational politics comes with them , valorizing and teaching kids about understanding their parents .
You have asked for a waiter in your cafe .
The governor of my city is seeking to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually in 30 years .
The people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy methods . The citizens collect the rubbish and throw it in big boxes far away from the city .
We are witnessing a great development in working from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
For several reasons , I really liked to play basketball . First , playing basketball can train your muscles and make the body healthier . Second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game from basketball because basketball is a team sport .
Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed in every country .
It helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
I 'm a very happy person and very interested in cooking and all things about the kitchen . It 's cool . My dream job is cook .
Currently , I am in Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I am looking forward to it like a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure of visiting Hotel Sparta in Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last night at this hotel .
I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital . Therefore , they will find typical menus with products from Extremadura in its restaurants .
If there are any questions , do not hesitate to contact me .
Can we really confirm that there is no future for public transport ? If so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and going to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport . However we should also think that in the centre there is no parking for cars or there is not enough for all private cars , so , if we use public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
In the modern growing world , the basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations of quality of life have taken on new dimensions .
When we were children , we used to use public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only cheap option available .
A car can help a person to go anywhere and at any time in much less time compared to public transport .
I believe that as soon as the automobile industry develops new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead of public transport .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think about their reasons .
Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents would not blame you .
Football is a simple sport where the players must kick the ball into the opponents ' goal . In this sport , you principally improve the leg muscles , but all your body moves .
The diagram shows the development from 1998 to 2014 .
2005 was a low , but it grew again .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
This will cause three problems for us humans and animals .
First and foremost , it can cause contamination of the environment , which can affect our health .
At Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . In contrast , the pagan spring festival does n't focus on consecration but rather on celebration .
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant as many trees and plants as they can .
Not all people can afford to make journeys by car . A car is easy and cozy also , but public transport is fair and is very affordable for all classes of people .
Public transport mainly means public bus . People used to travel long distances by public bus . It is possible to carry large numbers of people to different places by bus .
Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' because some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separate from the United Kingdom .
- It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
They are doctors at a serious hospital .
The reason why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
My favourite sport is soccer , because it is the most popular sport in the world .
When they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drink easily . She started feeling much better so they persuaded her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda at their house so she could get some rest and so she could eat more chicken soup , because they wanted Fernanda to feel better .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived home at 11:00pm . It was dark and they would n't be able to see Fernanda . An that time the lights were turned off , and they tried to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They went to sleep , and the next morning the light came on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she got angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out of her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexing problem . So her mom told her that they came out of the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because the police thought that she had a globe of wine , and her mother told the police that she did n't have alcohol or wine in her car , and the police did n't believe her and they took them to the police station so they could check her car , and after about 10 minutes , they told her that she did n't have anything . So they went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had evaded the police before that , but she did n't have anything in the car .
When Fernanda came out of her room , she started looking in her mom 's wallet to see if she had anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
I am originally from Ukraine and lived from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland for 3 years .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husband 's job in the newly - opened hotel Kirchgasse , right on the corner from the apartment .
And I will start studying at the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a nice new home , and so , we are very interested in keeping your place tidy and taking care of it as if it were our own .
If I told you to choose between travelling in a car or by bus , which one would you pick ?
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? that 's because of people changing their minds . They started to like having their own way of travelling . Privacy is also an important reason . People need to have a private means of transportation .
I remember those years and I would like my children to practise it when they are older . It is an interesting sport .
I am here to write a composition about public transportation in Somalia , especially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is little public transport compared to our neighboring countries . There is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the van , and very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Please , send us the actual strip material price .
As for public transport , you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it takes more time to reach the destination ,
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job at the summer camps .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I love meeting new people from around the world .
I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on my face .
I have experience working with children . My experience is from two years in summer camps around the world .
I worked on sport events as an organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k in Cuernavaca , Morelos .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
And another reason why I am so right in what I said in the lines above is that you feel as if you are in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false intrigue sometimes .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care about me .
I feel proud to hug him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress built up in office hours .
But a lot of people say that a zoo can protect endangered species from illegal poachers .
So what should we do about that problem ?
To sum up , there are a lot of clearly strong arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
My town is called Assuit . The People here have no knowledge of how to deal with their rubbish . people throw their rubbish everywhere . On the other hand , we haven't any kind of law that can limit that action . I mean rubbish throwing .
At the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
I am interested in working on your summer camp program .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
But there are two places that I meant at the beginning . They are a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , which is called Rusha .
First of all , by getting students out of the classroom , students take a break from the school routine .
At that moment , he knew his decision was going to affect his whole life .
So , I think my favorite sport is going walking in the countryside .
We all agree on that . Eating food is one of the best moments in our day , it 's like the world stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
In this opportunity I 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose for going out at the end of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and go back to her . He thought better the things he did not want to leave her again . He liked her . He knows himself and he wants to know her . He has kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
The reason is , three days ago , he had been working when a girl at his work asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he said " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she just walked away without saying anything .
It was strange to Michael .
I could n't eat anything , even on New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I could n't play poker with my cousins .
I tried that new programme on the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
There are some images of my family on the wall .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
If you travel with other people it is as expensive as public transport .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
At this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , because we all learn American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full - of - tone cadence always feels particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance .
And the strengths and weaknesses of both segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit . When I hear sentences , I use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again . Therefore , I can easily interpret illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
If I have an opportunity to go back to teaching English , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees all over the village so that it is more beautiful .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel in your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
There is heavy traffic and difficulty finding a parking space .
I would love to work in the summer camp to do exercise . Every shop in the USA should do the summer camp job . I am the right person to work there because I 'm very fit and I would love to work in the kitchen , because I am the right chef for the summer camp job .
One thousand people of eighteen years and over were questioned in my town about their ways of taking
The investigation reveals that youngsters are more than ever power to
announced the way they take care of the town .
According to the enquiry , a representative works with a recycling company .
It 's on the second floor .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I could n't be so decadent forever . I wanted some change , hoping I would be better the next year .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I could seldom eat meat for dinner .
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious of how food affects our health .
Today , private vehicles have become the pride of people 's lives , which means if a person is in their private vehicle , they look as though they have a higher status in society .
We can accept that our life will be quite different from now in fifty years .
Changing is a natural habit that makes life more enjoyable for us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house painting can be changed over time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways than it was in the past .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits of changing every decade .
It service the education and entertainment aspects of our lives .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days for receiving separate rubbish .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
The first time I watched him play eight years ago was the same year that I started watching tennis .
I like how the players move around the court and how the audience applauds them every time they win a point . Although I 'm not on the court , I can feel the feeling of the game . It 's really awesome .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
Flamengo was champion in 2009 . In 2009 Flamengo had a great team with good players , but now it is struggling to finish the competition in the first 4 teams of the championship .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention to what she had said to me .
She always helps me with whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
On the other hand , she has never been a talkative girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beaches beside rows of trees , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When receiving an alarm about the pollution of water or land ... by the town 's inhabitants , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's citizens about spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes according to the weather .
I would like to recommend a famous person who 's name is Mr. Chou .
In modern life , we rely on transport to get to work or travel everywhere .
Not to mention , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling on holidays .
On the other hand , public transport systems can reduce the number of private cars in the busy areas , for example , buses and trams .
For instance , Melbourn , the second city in Australia , where there are trams through the whole city area .
The last point is that people go for long journeys by public transport .
Public transport brings relaxing holidays and efficient business trips for people without being weary after a long drive .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals in the area .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discussion for years .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
Many . Many people have no vehicles , they only depend on public transport for some reasons .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
I have swum in a swimming pool and I have also cycled on my bicycle .
First , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even say that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
On the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but can improve even this in the future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
If this happens , people will be more social and empatic , not only about people 's emotions , but also about our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution which leads to global warming , which has become a real threat to our lives day by day .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that impose rules on people to reduce the use of things that cause a lot of pollution such as using big vehicles or building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . For instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that causes a lot of pollution . Because of that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars to cut down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
Another thing we can do for a better future is avoiding war .
All in all , using renewable energy and improving our regulations are two ways to cut down on pollution for a better future .
At the hospital , the doctor put me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I used to use my car every day , but little by little , I started to take public transport so that I could save money .
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Charter and international law .
After he had arrived at home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
The population is estimated at around ten thousand people .
One of the most amazing things that will attract you , is that it has a safari , park which is the most enjoyable thing . At the same time , it introduces you to wildlife without your needing to go out of your city .
They are located close to the local art gallery which takes about 15 minutes to go to on foot .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
You can buy them as a small present for your family members or friends .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to as the crow flies .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine whether I can do my A -level at the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what I really want .
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal within ninety minutes .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
The cities are crowded and there is a lot of pollution from noise and exhaust .
I think that the main problem with public transport is the communications between villages and small towns , because they only exists between the big cities .
It is a problem of mentality . If we had been born into a society that used public transport , I think that would be better and we would use it normally .
They are called :
It means new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we clean our houses and buy new clothes just for new year . The major things on Norouz day is haft sin table and including the seven items which start with letters " s " .
During the holiday , people go to see their family , friends and relatives for a type of short visit .
It means thirteenth day of spring . On this day , people go on a picnic and spend the day out of their homes in nature because they believe that the number thirteen brings bad luck for them .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
In my opinion , television can entertain and it can educate people in different ways .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for SUMMER CAMPS .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
a summer job in a travel agency , because they need someone in
I think the car is more convenient than public transport .
In a car , you do not have a timetable to consider , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still in snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
There have been several serious natural or man - made disasters this year .
In my opinion , all of us should be careful with all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in has not taken care of the environment .
It is easy to see when we walk around or when we go for a walk .
Although Brazil has gone through several changes in the last 40 years , the main one hasn't started yet , and I am talking about education .
So , if we believe it is an important subject to care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
In this report I am going to talk about how my town takes care of the environment .
First at all , I asked the council about this great problem which is pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the increase in pollution is a big problem and that measures must be taken to try to solve it .
n the town , he tries to make people aware of the situation and they take care of the environment .
On the other hand , the question is whether this solution could be enough or not .
Another thing , in my home there are some rules : my brother and I tidy our room , we clean the bathroom after we use it , we ca n't eat on the sofa .. .
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother about television channels , but we make up immediately .
With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak to them ..
First , you should know about the weather . We have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the Middle East .
All the stores and malls close at midnight , as well as for the five prayer breaks , because we need to go to pray . For work , you need to know what the field you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching your abilities .
It has a lot of beautiful things , like an old church from the 15th Century . This church is in ruins , but the new church is also very beautiful and comfortable .
I think that public transport will have a future for many reasons .
This is because everyone has a place on the bus .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
It 's more comfortable to go anywhere in your own car . The problem is the pollution that this life brings us , and also the parking problems .
If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
Nowadays , people are really worried about their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people have lost their jobs and others are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
Because of all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
One of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel to go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't want to go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decides to go after them and he gives a great speech to all the people who go with them and help him to get back Mihno . And what I really want to see in the next film is whether Thomas is mad at Teresa ( I never liked her ) and if they get free and the world goes back to normal .
On the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go in your free time and get to know it .
He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
On the other hand , there are a lot of famous players of volleyball who have had knee ligament injuries .The most frequent cause of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
I believe there are numerous possibilities for public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
In addition , a new generation is growing up and they do n't own their own cars because there are few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car of their own .
For these reasons , I see a bright future for public transport .
It is upstream that irrigates our economic life , and there is no doubt that negligence has the ability to destroy many good aspects of our lives , and our government is doing its best to put an end to negligence ,
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive . Thus , we can improve the national income by attracting many people from other towns . And we must teach children that cleanliness is necessary for their health and at their school they should throw rubbish in the waste baskets and anyone who throws it on the ground will be punished . In conclusion , we ca n't do without cleanliness in our town .
I do not agree with this statement because in big cities there are a lot of cars . If all the people in a city use their own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Have you ever heard of hockey ?
I want to give advice to children .
I have experience of this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
Please contact me .
The party is next week at Julia 's house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
I started swimming at nine years old .
As a result , I think that I have some talent for swimming .
Since then , I met my teacher at the pool .
From then on , I felt my disease decrease and feel relax .
Many people think running is a waste of time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
I advise starting with one km .
I found an ad for this job on the Internet .
I have experience of working in a cafe .
I look forward to new challenges and tasks .
Do you have any plans for next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00 . My husband invited you to that .
Do you fancy coming ?
Is Physical Education necessary in schools ?
Schools have Physical Education to teach this good habit from our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education is necessary in schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I would like to make a reservation for next month , from 24th may to 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have questions about your booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are on holiday we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even in the sea .
No wonder we say that sport is so important .
They must know , people will notice them , walking along the street .
In my opinion , everyone deserves calm .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a letter of recommendation from my boss at that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised in the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
There were many things that just stunned me at one moment , when the band started to play ...
In my opinion , music like this should be played more often on the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard of it .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced in electronics as a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my own lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
I am not worried about a salary now , but am looking for a chance to show my skills .
I would agree to work for the minimum wage or working in practice .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a defender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
Where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I could become really good like other players .
If you start playing football at a young age , you really get better at football .
The last hotel I went to was one of my best holidays .
Every room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
Even though all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and it will really seem to you as if you were in heaven !
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked it and had friendly matches .
It still gives me great fun in the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
I definitely recommend this sport to anyone who wants to keep fit , have fun with their friends , and live a happy life .
It has been a long time since I have seen you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
We also could go hiking in the mountains or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
I would define it as an action movie .
Far from the moise and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will start a new life .
I think that I can help you with several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I would like to know more information about how to proceed with applying and when this job will commence .
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly in their private vehicles .
It can therefore easily be predicted that there will be no role for public transport in the future .
However , there are also those kinds of people that become famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as is the case with Paris Hilton .
The question is whether older people are disadvantaged by not using technology in a confident way .
One can not ignore that it 's easier for young people to improve their knowledge than for older people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explains well and calmly the use of new technology to an old man or woman , in the end , these people are also in a position to use it .
Dear Sir/ Madam ( director of the film department )
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
The film explains to us how the event happened in the same way that it did in the early XIX century .
The director wanted to make the story as realistic as possible .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for all ages .
Although using your own car is better for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good option for travelling long distances at a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There probably is n't a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today . That is , if businesses continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large number of friends there .
There are a few things which I am very keen and passionate about in the whole world .
I have been doing swimming since I was six years old . Now I am twenty one . This should leave you in no doubt about how much I care about my hobby .
So , I let myself drop into the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion I could ever try .
It is worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would surely have chosen the former .
If you want to live healthily , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
I have very good friends thanks to the Internet .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
You can play it at any age .
Practice together with people of your age . It is a lot of fun and you will get better soon .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won game makes me proud and happy about all the hard work that I have done in the last few months .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
This meant some fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
After walking for many days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking about how much they would still need to walk to find a city . Also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
On the one hand , there are a large number of teenagers who have no idea about their future .
It would be more difficult to start your own life on your own .
It is also a point that if you do n't achieve what you wanted to during the gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things in clay .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so it will be a pleasure for me to get this job .
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages to watching TV .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money on an expensive ticket .
The instructor dropped me back at the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
I would be grateful if you could reply to my questions as soon as you can .
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Would it be possible for you to increase the period spent studying a topic ? For example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
I think you should consult a doctor about it .
Watching the daily news on television enlightens us about what 's happening around the world .
There are also many disadvantages to television .
But it should be at a moderate level .
I am writing this letter in response to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested .
I am currently studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga University . In September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga . I consider myself a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
Since many European tourists like to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sunshine and also discovering the historical remains from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
The hotel should provide a variety of cuisines from around the world , so that the clients can eat whatever they wish .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go on holiday , they can calculate their costs .
Also , food should be provided by the company .
lessons on their computers from their teachers .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good means of transportation ; it goes under the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimal ; you get a train every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare for a metro train is almost equal to the other means of transport .
So , even if you travel by metro , you have to take a bus or car to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel in their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
On public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey . It is very exhausting , especially on a long journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel on public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place on public transport .
It has been an easy target for terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling on a bus , you accept the risk .
Our company is a small and based company which has worked in the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , as I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I have to start the search for a new employee .
He would contribute his life experience , and he would ask for better working conditions such as salary , family time , and health insurance .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as yet .
Generally , young people do n't have any problems with posting their personal photos on the Internet .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station you 've ever been to .
And it would be difficult to examine students ' ability on a national scale .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the assessment of students ' grades could be standardized throughout the whole country .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages of both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
In my opinion , it 's true , although family is a very important part of your life and you have to take care of it .
It is better to be alone than in bad company .
Accordingly , the first one considers whether the industry has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the success of live performance in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental to the music industry .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always been amazed by the attraction of concerts for large audiences . Therefore , in my opinion , the second text offers good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ . You will be astounded by the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get there .
I remember that you are fascinated by nature , so you could go to Guembe to eat delicious typical food . You will see an amazing view and a lot of kinds of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
If you want to go sightseeing downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a fun place where we can dance and drink a lot .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm in the fresh air and I do some exercise for my body .
In present - day society , sustainable development is of paramount importance as our environment is being destroyed at a fast rate .
Using public transport helps save resources such as fuel and electricity .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by car , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society because of serious environmental issues .
If everyone started using a car for traveling , there would n't be enough road for everyone as there are seven billion people in the world , and even for the environment it is better to use cars as little as possible .
Certain age groups wo n't be able to drive a car , so they definitely need public transport .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time as she walked away .
Firstly , travelling by bus or on other public transport , such as the underground , helps us to decrease the emission of exhaust which causes pollution and global warming .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , since there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
Take as an example of this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
Film stars and politicians are interesting to people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
On the other hand , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
Nearby , fields growing vegetables can be visited which have never been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Hi bro , What s up there ? .I'm going to recommend you to give up sport . As I told you too many times , sport is bad for your health . It makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like that , and music improves and stimulates your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths to pavement .
Karate makes me strong and lets me know how to face something I was scared of before .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In some places , you will have difficulty finding it .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated with traffic accidents have also increased .
However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
One thing which we can be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will exist in the future .
When you drive by the car , you have to focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should choose .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
I 'm in class 4B at Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
I can start by saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are on the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many stairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
For instance , we can use the car 's radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
Italy is well regarded for its education .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always got the top marks and participated in most activities , and known to all the teachers and students .
Two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but unfortunately , they were n't very good friends . They used to cause trouble and did n't do their homework on time . The boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , like Adam .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depending on the dot , there are traffic problems and you have to wait a long time at a bus stop .
I am from a small island where there is only one mode of transport : the bus .
We must reduce exam stress for high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences for high school students .
These consequences vary . One example would be that students may get lower grades in their exams , or even fail them .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Then I decided to study engineering and become one of the best engineers ever .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
They can explore cities at weekends or during academic breaks .
Anyway , what about having lunch on Saturday and speaking about it quietly ?
To begin with , I have been interested in birdwatching from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Sports or hobbies could be great options as new activities to plan at my college . However , I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Are you nervous when you have to speak in public ?
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical activity , because your ability to edit a speech , support an idea , have connected speech will be improved by this kind of activity .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experience .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
I am glad to hear that everything is OK with you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
Also , I 'm interested in tuition which refers to biology and the influence of different kinds of chemical compounds on the human body .
People who signed the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
It is better not to interfere in internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's political conditions .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupiers " terrorists " and decided to suppress the dispute as if dealing with a terrorist attack .
I do not know if there is a filter for presidential candidates . I just know that the ballots are counted by states .
The US always targets dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up one of its competitors .
I am afraid that Occupying Central will lead to chaos similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection by the White House has now ended .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed the website will think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
l completely agree with the idea that it is important for students to learn ideas and concepts rather than learn facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
But , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts ,
However , learning ideas and concepts needs more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks .
Nowadays , there is limited time for any teacher to cover all points on a certain subject .
When he was younger , he worked for the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
To begin with , I consider that many homes which will be created in the future must have robots .
In my opinion , inside they will still look the same , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
Because it was our first day in the Algarve , we decided to explore a bit more of the area .
He explained that he had seen that girl on the beach .
When the night came , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
Since then , we have been in touch and now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
I tried swimming , and I found that so boring .
After that , I signed up for Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like that .
But one day , my sports teacher gave me the opportunity to become a basketball player at nine years old .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
If I were you , I would always remember a tip from Michael Jordan . "
All of us are surrounded by plastic . Plastic is needed for a lot of things in our everyday life .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because some of their usual food .
However , I also think that it 's important to be conscious of environmental concerns , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce rubbish .
So , we can use plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't take this idea to the extreme because we need plastic .
A couple 's coming slowly down Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand . She has to be the boy 's baby sister .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
If you like mountains , you could start your trip in the North , a region called Asturias .
Near the mountains ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches in the South , Andalusia .
If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come in Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy Easter Week and Feria week .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place on the pitch , but in its surroundings !
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium into a really big party in order to intimidate their adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start playing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's passion for wearing your club 's jersey and respect for your adversaries .
I think religion means a lot to people- especially Polish people .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
On the one hand , we have people who live for their sport . On the other hand , there are people who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
You could go clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results in feelings and emotions .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach their children .
They have faced different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter whether they have failed or gained success through those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
From this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I , myself , have faced so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
They have a strong familiarity with preferences , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
So , I went to my parents and asked for their help . They presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I could easily get along with .
I am really satisfied with my parents as my indisputable teachers .
Finally , I enjoy taking care of my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory experiments in chemistry .
We like the sea very much , so we looked to rent a little cottage in August in a lovely place in Sardinia .
We arrived on the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to go to the house which we had rented .
I was looking forward to going to the beach and swimming in that wonderful water .
In fact , I was ill all the time and I could only look at the sea through the window of my room !
From this programme I can get information about the latest scientific discoveries and
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
People of all ages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating the crimes , a trail to follow in their investigation .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
Many times when I have been shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
When it comes to bargain sales , in such periods , people start to behave like animals and rarely think rationally .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left in the store .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
At the same time , I was one of the leaders of the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would like to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place in the world where you can eat different types of cheese .
They would like to offer me another opportunity to do a work placement in my final year at university .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fares are much cheaper compared with driving a car .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will surely lead to a bright future for public transport .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time the customers make the order .
I was beginning to get very agitated when somebody knocked on the door .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects for people who are obese .
I bought two kinds of clothes : casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , my cousin 's wedding next month .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to float and advance in the water .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than outside it .
If you want to know more and learn to practise this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school . There are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count on the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community about the sales communication materials and guidelines .
If you need further details about how to get to my apartment write to me soon .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
The main reason for this is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drive their own car most of the time travel on their own .
To sum up , I think the future of public transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and the 2 M , went on a trip to Sicily .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver took us to a café to have breakfast .
In addition , I am going to see the migration of the biggest animals in the world - whales .
All in all , I would recommend anyone to do this sport .
All in all , as we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages to considering the members of your family your best friends .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she is also the person who is always on your side .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also have been affected by the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of young adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping into the dark and moving out .
As there are not many signs of this becoming a reality , young people must wait to start their own lives .
I recommend that everyone in this department takes the course , that way we could have the views of all the employees and focus on what we need to improve and channel it into profits .
The story of Blade Runner is about a police officer named Dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they call the replicants , and they are dangerous to humans .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors to Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , on every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify neural stimuli and to convert them into radio waves .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days of my life .
It all started when I applied to be a volunteer at this event .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I would n't be able to see the band playing on the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entrance .
I had a great time throughout the entire concert .
You may get hurt physically and mentally by sexual harassment .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are a witness , you should try to call for help first .
I have explained two important aspects of sexual harassment .
A great place to eat is at " The Rivera " .
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses that you wish for the same price .
Drinks are apart from the package .
To sum up , I would recommend this place if you want to have a great time and eat on your last day .
In this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling long distances in a shorter time .
How many of us get up from our bed already exhausted just at the thought of getting onto public transport ?
It was after thinking about this major problem that governments around the world launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made using high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
New motorways , streets , car parks are no longer sitting in the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
I would like to know what initial investment I have to calculate ?
In your article you write about an education center with assistance for new franchisees .
The family might exist on paper , but not in reality , because each member of the family will be busy and they will just send some messages from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
This bar chart depicts the average knowledge of reading and writing for females and males in six different regions in 2000 .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that show a low percentage of illiterate people , expressed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia have over 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose sharply , reaching almost 60% in the case of females and exceeding 30% for males .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourists can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture of the Obelisco Porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where tango shows are put on and take their own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music of Buenos Aires .
Even if you just want to go shopping for clothes , there are so many places you can go . Palermo is known as a little New York for the designers and well - known brands , and technology is located in Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also known as the Paris of America , gives all visitors the opportunity to meet Argentinian tradition in just one city that includes the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra on its way to becoming a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns in Galicia for many years .
We have suffered like every other city during these difficult years .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people whom they can trust .
However , friends can be like a family and fulfil all these functions , too .
Therefore , I would just like to remark that family does not mean relatives , but those people with whom you can feel at home .
That is , in any place , suddenly you could find someone who could become your closest relative .
I decided to take a class at Liceo Oberdan to visit the Miramare harbor reserve .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I described the same things from the geographical aspects .
Here we found some very expert guides who took us on a good tour around the park and the harbor reserve .
All the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
During this day , the students had the opportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge by having experience of the field .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction in interaction between people and some bad information sources , in contrast , I have a strong opinion that the internet brings many more benefits than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is the vast amount of information contained on it .
At the same time , some sources contain pornography and violent information , which makes many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
It is well - known as a vast beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigners .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it is also an important place for Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background for a lot of Japanese novels , paintings and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for creating a beautiful , nervous mood in stories or paintings .
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday at his country house .
Hello , I saw the job advertisement for the summer camp and I 'm really interested in working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
It 's nice to hear from you . As soon as you arrive there are some secure options for you .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times . When you arrive you must find the A - line , go to the Patriotismo station ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to # 76 Acrone Street .
If you love extreme travel , I recommend Mexico 's city subway . It 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access to each one of the options ) .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement of the careers of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives for the nationwide educational institutions .
For all the reasons that I have given you , I am sure that this summer would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
In the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University in the final year .
I have already worked in a similar position on a camp several times and looked after children aged 8 - 12 .
1 ) tell Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
We have it as a take away or we go to a pizzeria .
I hope this information will be useful to you .
A lot of my close friends that I went to Stocksund Skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
And I think that I am good at it because I watch a lot of TV shows in English .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep darkness to the edge of the forest .
" Stop the singing !
The cathedral has a height of 55 m. The cathedral was raised to the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756 . What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
This will be so because of the pollution and the radiation that will exist and the increase in global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits in health will be significant .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , we think about our future .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is what they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredibly happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
Unfortunately , in reality it is n't so amazing as it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages to being a star , which normal people do n't realise . For example , not having a private life .
Being all the time at the centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
People can not have everything and live as they want .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , as they often think , victims .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal that always in our lives something will annoy us .
Famous people have to notice how much they have , appreciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster as they often think .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
The government needs to invest in better conditions on public transport , with more options for the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from one place to another , and harder to choose between a car or a bus .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of fuel , a bus carries fifty people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with mass transportation .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future of public transport .
At that point , his work became very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast on straight circuits .
Then Ferrari and Michael decided on a new collaboration , so the greatest became a test driver and tried to improve the car outside of the races .
In the meantime , his mind always thought of Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a championship driver with the national car .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed the public transport system is , taking into account number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : a significant reduction in pollutant gases , a high decrease in noise pollution , as well as , as a consequence of having fewer cars circulating on our streets , an increase in pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
The text discusses some kinds of Asian bamboo that have a unique flowering and seeding cycle . These cycles only happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food for the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
The Giant Panda is an endangered species . The pandas have to survive the hunters and the destruction of their habitat by humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flower and seed , they die , so the new bamboos growing enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction of the Giant Panda are real .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of getting an internship at your company .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay at your company .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World Cup in 2017
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I have been thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition in Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury to his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the goal of winning the Barcelona World Cup and the FINA World Cup .
" I turned 40 three weeks ago . I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship in falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life on jumps and it motivates me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking completely recovery .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be among the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize for this series and the second to sixth places will be disputed between the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
I am in fourth place , but we are as close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the men 's test , the high - jumpers are thrown into the water from a height of 27 meters , whereas in the women 's competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters .
You may ask why , of all the possible activities , this one was chosen .
There is not exactly a bad day for running , because even rainy days are excellent for a good run .
This is my favorite sport because it improves my health in many ways and boosts the immune system and quality of life .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce discomfort and keep one 's feet at a nice temperature .
Players must be considered as a painter working on a piece of art .
People do n't stare at a painting in a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge only it .
So , if someone is ever wondering to whether start playing this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to being in public and they are used to saying something about themselves on camera , so everyone will know about their life .
Everybody must have free time to themselves .
Starting from the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to put less effort into their jobs .
My sister claimed that on her trip , she had seen completely astounding buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
At that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got into the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
To conclude , I hope my advice will be helpful for new beginners in this sport .
I 'm not a great fan of films based on fictional , unrealistic facts and events .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production by this young , promising director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
The movie requires us to be highly concentrated on what is going on and I find that to be one of the most conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a chance to broaden our minds and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending to the gripping story .
I have got one sister . She is 15 years old and her name is Tina . She also goes to Fribergaskolan .
called " Djursholms ridskola " and on Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " . It 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian . I have actually been to Italy twice , to Rome and Florence and to a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I love to design presentations and edit things on the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
Basically , the method is based on developing the main foundations of movement of the human body . These are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped movement , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
The roots of Parkour were developed by him and he taught some Parkour techniques to the firemen who he used to work with .
There are fewer people who use public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than on public transport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
In addition , when you travel in your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Health and Sri Lanka Standards Association and adhere to their rules and regulations for production , storage and distribution .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products on the market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels will also be given a good price for the delivery service .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most families have more than one .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than villages .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go in the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
When you get to the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be models . Because of the fact that they do n't fit into this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
Moreover , the traffic in areas such as downtown forces people to use public transportation like trains , since the trains are faster .
Insurance is so expensive in North America , most householders do not use a car because of insurance , and also because of added costs like fixing the cars , changing car oil etc .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Finally , none will argue about the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not exclude public transportation .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
Attached we return to you text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard study , homework , tests and more .
From Monday to Friday I was in
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
But I lost her after a little kiss on the cheek on the first date .
I know it may seem like a meanness on her part .
Since I have a specific feeling now , I thought of sharing it with you .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern European history , from the Tatar invasions to World War II , which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us life as if it could be the 1800s .
Grodno is situated at the crossroads of great trading routes , that 's why one can hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you of my opinion of the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , which abound as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd on public transportation .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect on everyday decision making .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for cycling and travelling on foot , instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Do n't worry about not recognising me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , to reassure you , I will be carrying a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm looking forward to meeting your family and , if we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
The best places for young people to visit in New York ?
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building in the city .
Talking about money , the car is probably more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary for the maintenance of the car .
So , people prefer travelling by their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in society because it can influence people 's lives .
Children learn a lot of things through cartoons , it can help them to improve their speaking and to learn new vocabulary .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if they 're sad or a break for someone 's in their free time .
Consequently , I believe physical development is a necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities to do extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweaty and have a great passion for swimming .
Therefore , to keep my body healthy and my interest , I have kept taking part in the School Aquathon since I was in the second one . I participate in the same events each year .
I learnt how to set a proper goal as it is a significant factor in success .
On the recommendation of my instructor , I participated in the joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the results board . I was shocked and decided to protest about the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
Therefore I paid more attention to global warming and ways to deal with it .
To find out more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
I have got a greater passion for engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also , I have learnt communication skills through others and am considerate .
Through this colorful school life , I have had different types of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only has skills in engineering .
Therefore , I think my experience can train me to be admitted as a suitable candidate in engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I am writing to join an English course at your school to improve my English and help me to find a job .
I have two children . They go to school . I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm on any weekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves has gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have a car is because of the comfort . Also , they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
Michael sat on the bus and took out his diary to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat on the seat next to him .
This is how they started their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they had known each other for a long time ... they became attracted to each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
After returning home , Michael flashed back to what he did on the bus .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I am twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I could improve my English and earn money ; my English is good because all this year I have been at an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate . And as a result I will be able to communicate with children .
It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities using trains , buses , taxis , airplanes etc .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
Finally , there are a lot fewer traffic jams if people use public transport than if they use private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jams . Why are people not using it ?
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and warned the young boys to go to their house and wait until this unfortunate event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know where to get answers .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident had happened in the park .
Jackson stopped walking and was distracted by a beautiful dog Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he drew his own conclusions as to what might have happened .
What I think is stupid is that most people usually hide their faces behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree with in this video is that he generalizes too much .
I believe the old values should be taught to children in schools .
I am afraid more people will go through the same thing .
I am among the first type of people .
After that , we can go to a cafe and have some good coffee .
Some brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
There are all styles of clothes .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts by Italian singers and some foreign artists .
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy Dog , lives in downtown LA .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a private alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes towards him .
He turns his head to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
He sees a shadow outside of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that fits Mendez 's description .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer to Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy . She did n't know what she could write to her lover , she realised that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you . I 'm pregnant , it 's a boy . If you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your father 's name . I have always loved you and I always will . Do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommended shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
As might have been expected , a big city like Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourists and residents going shopping .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located in the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter their interests , should visit the aforementioned special shops .
And celebrities know well that they have to be controversial , because that is the best way to achieve their lovely fame .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks for sport .
I link to a page in my school magazine where you can find my CV .
I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we can manage an interview on Skype in the next few days .
Many journalists or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curious " photos , it 's OK .
They may hurt these people . They may ruin their lives just by using a bad word .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much safer and more ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known for its large number of benefits , like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or buses is usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress for sad drivers during their commutes .
For that reason , encouraging the use of public transport has been the main concern of most modern governments .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . This is a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
For instance , imagine going to work and ordering the car to go to park at home after taking your children to school .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people judge me .
I was born on July 25th 2003 .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing home but , you know , there , people will never say whether they do bad or good and , at the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
If you like Egyptian history , you can go to Turin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum of Ancient Egypt .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made of marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really special , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
Working in a company which is built on good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily bring fulfillment and sustain passion for your job for a long time .
For example , the cost of food , drinks and commodities needs the support of a steady income .
Karate gave me a new purpose in life .
On entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures at the beginning of a class which encourage you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find yourself and just listen to your body .
Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
I 'm writing to reply to one of your advertisements published in the local newspaper last week .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I wo n't have any difficulty with organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
In addition to this , I want to improve my English through my work and , in this way , be able to teach the children some basic skills in this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous areas or places in the city .
Also , the phone did not work properly , it was impossible to use it to call the receptionist .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as advertised on your website .
I live here with my wonderful family consisting of my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Right now , I 'm actually on a riding course every Sunday .
In the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use for these activities .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sports activity because when you have spent approximately 1 hour on your bike you 'll probably feel tired .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belongs to the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable for people that only do exercise for entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have got to know nice and friendly sportsmen who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
On the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose whether they want to go or not .
Therefore , education should be accessible for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
For most men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for women it can be the best way to make their mood better , because they are so happy when they buy lots of clothes in a sale , cheaper than at the regular price .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I am trying on new clothes which suit me .
But I do not like wasting my time , so I usually go shopping on Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
Therefore , joining a sports team where they can share similar interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other while traveling , but only several days are not enough and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move to a country that is living through a civil war .
Some people go shopping to feel better in themselves .
I personally love to go shopping and spend my money on new clothes .
I heard about it in my English class at my university .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp for my degree course where I was helping in the reception for the new students of the course .
Taking part in the camp was wonderful because I helped with planning the activities .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy making desserts and I was on a cooking course last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
Since graduating from University of Education majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 minutes to go to on foot and I have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to take on a new job .
If I 'm not doing that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
If you want to enter the hall of honor or enter the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ .
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , although heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organizations or between organizations .
While social media sites make our society more convenient and more comfortable compared with the past , they simultaneously bring with them some issues .
Most Bulgarian parents do not agree with their children starting school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about changing the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studying at university in Australia .
After a day of shopping , you can go to one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
The other problem related to the offered excursions . You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit to a historic castle ) were not available .
We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
I think that 's the only negative point about today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
In that way , we can enjoy all the new technology of today , and all the enjoyable TV programmes !
In the background , you can see the River Amur .
By the way , on that day everybody was celebrating the Day of the City .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different positions .
I have qualifications in teaching children . I am a graduate teacher from University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience of adventure sports . I like the country and mountains .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break before university , the routine of working and studying every day could break .
To conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working on what we like .
As the number of traffic accidents has increased dramatically over the years , finding the best solutions has put the government under pressure as to whether to implement stricter penalties or use alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured by either the former or the latter methods .
Traffic education is also a compulsory measure , especially for younger generations as they commit the majority of offences .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
We can get in a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportation just because of that convenience .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford to keep a car on their budget .
We have huge experience of organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with children their own age and to feel like fully - fledged members of society .
The idea that newspapers will disappear with time due to people 's attitude towards surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
This marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences on modern society .
In light of the foregoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect towards globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
At first , I did n't believe that this place would be as amazing as she said .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe : comfortable chairs and sofas , beautiful features and really good - tasting coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think of .
Although the most important thing is that there were not only friendly staff but they looked like they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
When I come back from my job in the afternoon , I put on something comfortable , take my bike and go away along the streets alone with my thoughts and no one can disturb me .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision about whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
The changes to television are evident . This could be because society is changing too .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched by a large number of people .
I was impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
More accurate surgery , emotional bonding and an increase in communication are examples of positive consequences .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by global warming and humans are the sole agents responsible for this problem .
Probably , if we used public transport like buses instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect caused by the CO2 produced .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it into the water .
Last , I 'll propose a solution to a common and near problem .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash production .
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
In Pantanal , the weather is hot and wet , and we can drive to the river deeper in the wood and see wild animals , like alligators .
Here , you 'll find most kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
In Brazil , regular schools teach students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them become immersed in the language .
Learning English as a foreign language will have a huge impact on Brazilians ' professional lives , helping them to get a better position .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump into the water .
In the water she feels at home .
I love outdoor activities . I have been doing rock climbing for nine years now , and started motocross in 2010 . Also , I consider myself very friendly with children and teenagers . When I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every other weekend . That was until four years ago , because he is no longer able to stay out of the city . But he taught me all that I need to know to survive out there , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think that when I was young , but it has changed as I am getting older .
There are a lot of benefits of developing public transportation .
Shared costs make the huge expense of developing and building the public transport system possible .
How long have you not used public transportation for ? Do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
Third , public transportation sucks , when you think about it . You can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hassles of the public transportation transfers in your mind .
People are fighting as hard as they can just to achieve a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds . This hobby is very pleasant for me and also for many people , especially when you have different kinds of singing birds like canaries or finches .
I started this hobby in 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of singing birds . I spend one day in the week taking care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , changing the water .
Furthermore , there are advantages to travelling by car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs are less in comparison with a plane .
Furthermore , during my studies at university I worked on 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
For this reason , schools of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this during nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of your time in the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read in the book " And all for love " .
Arthur went to London for an appointment for a job interview .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could become a bit tedious because the director focused on every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
The characters were perfect because they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involved in the real accident .
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job acting as a desperate leader committed to the local people .
Despite some details , I think you must n't miss this film if you want to know the truth about the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
However , shopping can have a bad effect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted at the end of a hard day .
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
What is more , we only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
, to have more fun with friends whom we meet on our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adults , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them from kindergarten age .
First I asked " Who is ringing so early ? What 's happening?Suddenly , a familiar voice shouted to me through the door .
You do n't think opening the door to your little brother"Oh brother ! , I shouted , and I ran to open the door . "
I'm very excited because you are here .
It 's three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I'm on holiday from school . "
Also , it plays a great role in removing the borders between nations . In a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just to talk to a friend .
Obviously , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because the whole day we are connected , in our houses , on mobile phones and on computers at work .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated by a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross to the other side .
I suggest to new players of volleyball that they should start step by step .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
Young people may face some health issues , making bad choices , like drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
I 'm going to write about obesity . A lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this has effects on their health .
Another problem is that the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper than the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experience in minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I worked voluntarily for some cases relating to juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were in custody , custodial death etc . )
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The article states that the most efficient replacement for internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their various advantages , while the reader refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
My sister fell off her bike and hurt her wrist .
He was the pastor of a Baptist Church and he fought against the discrimination against black people in the United States in the 60s .
He founded the civil rights movement to free black people from racial segregation and inequality .
He participated a lot of times in meetings , as a leader , and he went against the law several times .
The other goal of Martin Luther King was the right to vote for African American people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he described equality in society between white and black people , where all people can live together .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened at midday as they are foreigners and like to buy things after seeing the sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the old town , as it has a medieval charm which attracts visitors at that time .
Overall , the majority of tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to have a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around looking at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before going to the heritage town .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe at the beginning of the 20th century .
There is no need to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow . You can easily find it on the Internet . I just want to say that I 'm sure you 'll like it a lot .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert . It was really fun . The whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST MODE OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF AT CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL WALK TO MY HOME .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge for their students to help them develop academically and socially .
Let us look at an example of a university student .
The student had a great number of assignments and projects , so he spent more time on accessing the library , becoming more ambitious to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired of doing papers , and went to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
when I studied at university . I sat in classes for hours every day .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
On the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , go on an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
I 'm interested in doing a course at your school .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb discovered America and talks about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across some problems while they are shooting the film and this supplies quite a few strong highlights .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest from a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , there are some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into chaos and then the film starts to give some social and political messages .
In our imperialist and capitalist world , we need more films or artistic influences which mention the problems of our life and realities .
There are many cities in the world planning car free days and promoting the use of public transport .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it in an altruistic and philanthropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to become famous if they really appeal to a large number of people and they will also be able to earn money thanks to advertising .
Consequently , we should never blindly trust everything we see or read on the Internet .
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
To clarify what the situation is , it is true that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading a blog can give people a practical way to communicate and share preferences , beliefs or thoughts . however , more or less reliable .
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the countryside near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
After drinking water from the bottle , he fell over on the grass and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
He thought that they must go to the Hospital quickly , because Jon would have a serious problem if he lost more blood .
description I found at http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether you are
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around children and I love it .
I often try to play interesting games with the children . I think the games are a fun way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people . That is why I invent new methods to introduce science in the children 's lives .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like nature . I could teach them a lot of things about Geology , a camp is perfect for introducing the boys and girls to stones and minerals .
I play basketball in my free time and hang out with my friends from my old school .
I have moved a lot in my life . As I said before , my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
At our hotel there was like a water park . It was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still in contact with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings by many different artists .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck in a jam during rush hours .
The importance of the internet in our lives
These days , a lot of students are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet has a lot of consequences in our lives .
However , over time I began to understand how to play and I liked it much more than in the past .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individual sports , because in these kinds of games everything depends on you .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every point is important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning by a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we pupils expect the positive consideration of our request .
Our lives have changed a lot since the last century due to technological improvements and changes in society .
First of all , as we said before , people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are technological improvements and changes in society .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and supporting the whole family alone financially , or studying for a degree at university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
I am writing to You in connection with your request for information about an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
Grass hockey is a popular sport played by people of all ages and it 's played more in countries like Britain , Argentina or Germany , than in Spain or Italy .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball into the goal using a stick .
Besides , when you play it , you must move your whole body , because you have to run and guide the ball over the field .
And do n't worry if you are not good at sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
When the plane arrives at the airport in Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful view that this place offers .
Secondly , the entrance to Disney is incredible and colorful . It also has the main characters in it .
Each one has a different topic and amazing rides perfect for adolescents .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bored , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable time on the roller - coasters .
Recently , I saw two pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that held my attention from the first minute .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience in a way that allows them to play with the characters as if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
I am writing this letter regarding the advertisement about the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you require people who have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who are able to look after children between 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities and work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expeditions and other movement .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learnt that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them every step of the way .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports for children during this summer .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views on life , we understand each other and are best friends .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forget the real problems and think only about this thing .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
The latent form of fingerprint is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingerprints .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingerprint residue develop the latent fingerprint . Chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingerprints . Developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingerprints by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingerprints , ninhydrin reacting with amino acid of the fingerprint and developing the latent marks . Single and multi - metal deposition methods work on the principle of deposition and result in the negative development of latent marks .
One can easily deduce information about culprits from the partial form of a latent fingerprint .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but on a minor scale .
People who make their livings by selling the products they obtain from farmland , forests and wetlands will lose their sources of income .
In addition , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living in such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build nature reserves for wild animals which can not easily find other habitats to live in .
Everyone considered him a crazy and boring guy obsessed by his passion , except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to give up his dream .
It was a really busy and difficult period for her because her customers in every corner of the Earth wanted something new in the field of art .
Everything was going well except his behaviour towards his friend Kate .
Kate was really angry and she ordered him to leave her room immediately .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people can spend their time outdoors and have fun all day before going out , such a park is called San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people usually have barbecues there after they have done some water sport or rented a boat .
Whenever I hear about famous actors or singers complaining about photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
In my opinion , fame is a need for actors and musicians in popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied to politicians .
He also attended my lectures and labs on the " Java SE " summer training course .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire brigade and lied and pretended his house was on fire .
They ran towards their house , worried about their child .
Jason Statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear as Dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
The film was the last movie starring Paul Walker as , during the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but think of you as if you were my son .
First off , I would take him on a long journey by car .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him through interruption .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubled by .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come of age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the talk was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move to make is ! !
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution in a city .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
Personally , people must dedicate most of their time to things they should do for two important reasons .
For example , when I was 17 , I was starting my first day of class at the university .
You 'll dedicate your time only to things for personal enjoyment and it will really hurt you .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club had an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars for his effort .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention of the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions throughout history that are more important than the computer .
For example , one person can be informed about what is happening on the other side of the world with just a click .
Overall , people are divided as to what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity . I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of history like paper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of a human 's life .
For example , for doing diving , do you provide all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
In my opinion , this statement could be made by a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a free way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , especially if you take into account the economic aspects .
In my view , using public transport in this case has two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to worry about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than doing it by public transport , it is not probable that it will disappear in the near future .
Inventors work years to achieve their goals . They are working on their projects every day , like you .
Most people are frustrated or agitated because they have to use public transport .
We can also help by paying for our tickets . Yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businesses .
He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
He asked me how much money he should demand from Mathieu ? Then I asked him how much he needed?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it " . With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns in the media .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known in the history of the band .
The government is not the only one to blame , but also the people who live here , who never care about their environment .
They pollute more than factories do , by using plastic materials , disposing of waste in public places , and some people even tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people are polluting the environment drastically , some people and organizations are protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated against by society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques for self - defense .
As the only Brazilian president from an underprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for President four times .
Democracy also had fundamental changes in that period .
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper of my city .
Furthermore , I worked for some major companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I have experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at university , I did a course in Public Relations .
Airplanes are the best way to travel over long distances .
All that you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
If you go by train , you need a ticket that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and from which platform the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in ; sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other reasons to travel by car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades of Grey ....
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was the Church , which was pulled down to be replaced by a pub .
A wall of a tennis court can be a good start to learn how to kick a ball .
Information about the basic theory and technique of tennis can be gathered from the internet / books .
But most importantly , one should enjoy all of this fun .
It means nobody should interfere in famous people 's lives .
On the other hand , this opinion should be considered : Some big names are important for someone who seems them like an ideal .
The government should give superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Mackinley asks for the arbitration of Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain asks North Americans to get off of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The 21st of April EEUU denies Spanish sovereignty of Cuba . The 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares war on Spain .
From that day , diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality in a person .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also affects your society .
I know how important keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
I 'm glad you have graduated from school and that you have plans to go to university .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with the exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things for your trips .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
He can come with us on our trip .
I will meet you at the train station .
Anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially since we have the most amazing reason to live for ; it 's our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our lives .
Although some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people rely more on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has a future .
There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
On the other hand , public transport is good value for money .
What is more , celebrities , like ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationships with others .
Like ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I met members of the band and have their autographs !
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work in foreign countries .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge of organising sports and activities .
I would love to answer any question you could ask at this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever suits you .
Michael went on a trip to Poland by himself .
On the 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never saw any people .
He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
Yesterday , I saw in a magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker in which she was walking with her dog .
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues via Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the present - day population knows more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Korea or some Arab countries , where their governments ban internet access for citizens . In other words , they want to mislead the people about reality to avoid the population claiming via these networks or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends via Facebook , uploading photos at any time , having a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
You can follow your favourite celebrities and have direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers criticise them .
He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth .
He has never been serious in the entire 17 years of his life .
It was a new thing for her to know that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people in that school defined her as a weirdo .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or is the rumor true Michael ? Have you fallen for Miss Jane ? ' It was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
The next day , when Michael was in his pad watching TV , he heard his door bell ring . He was surprised to receive a visitor now .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would refuse him again and he was not ready to be alone with her .
When he opened the door , he was more surprised to see who was at the door .
His eyes looked automatically at how Celine looked today .
Everything that happened between us was too good to be true .
Michael could n't believe what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew was that she was gone , not only from his pad , but also from his life .
No matter at what time you go to shop , you will wait .
Of all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the capital of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
Even though it is more then 100 years since it was built , all the original features are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
Have you ever heard of it ?
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
Then our trainer , Nico , shows us a lot of tips and tricks .
You can find more information also on the Internet .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon at a game .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniformly the same size .
However , this could cause a problem for humans and some people will face the threat of compulsory redundancies .
So , there he meets the gorgeous eldest sister of Marcus and he immediately falls in love and from then the go - between appears in the story .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do for the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist attractions , environmental education , ecological preservation and make it the best tourist city in Litoral Paulista .
Through marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practise it with others that may have .
In today 's world people use public transport for every kind of travel .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking about buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
In my opinion , public transport is secured for the future .
We were thinking that by meeting there we would have a fun night among friends , but we were very wrong .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
After she finds out that her mother has committed suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to avenge her but she end up in prison .
After she comes out , she decides to take another revenge for the same reason .
Recently , I saw an advertisement for a job .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months with an organization that organizes activities for children aged between one and 15 .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have broad experience in what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allowed me to be part of the team .
I did n't expect to find anything else but sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water in leagues of wasteland ; the oasis of Faiyum .
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clothes in the city , as well as some recommendations .
Although they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and of high quality .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and making comparisons of price and quality .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation of the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should enrol in a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish at least at a basic level .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge of Polish culture and eating habits as well .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing at the side of the table eating ham .
It 's a cheap service and it 's greatly appreciated by people who need a car not every day and only for a little time .
The Internship , a film by Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In the beginning , one of them looks for a job by asking his sister 's boyfriend , but fortunately , his friend convinces him to find another job .
Despite everything , they could take part in the competition .
Of course , on paper , this group does n't have a chance , but events demonstrate something different .
This film is interesting because it drafts work problems , but not only this , it also shows some important values , like the importance of solidarity , group cohesion and the importance of not losing faith in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
In addition , some situations in the film are taken from High School Movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , at the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is very worthwhile , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so you need some time to prepare it .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours in the sun , but it 's a good idea .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
They do not think of money or fame , they simply enjoy working .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
To summarize , if you expose yourself on television you will not have a private life .
Last winter I worked as a coach for my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook at my house and I think I do very well .
Robots will , of course , be remarkable , which will help us with everyday chores , for instance , by cooking delicious dishes , cleaning everything in the house or even washing and ironing clothes .
If you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
Please write back to me and tell me if you liked the zoo or if you went to another place .
In my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very surprising .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
I watch TV about 5 hours a day and at the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
You are like Romeo and juliett . But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother has been admitted to the hospital .
Talk to me via video conferencing after the party .
I usually woke up at around nine o'clock in the morning and spent the day reading newspapers and books , and also digitalized some video tapes .
I usually watch television programs on the Discovery Network at night .
To get prepared for the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
First of all is traffic jams ; if you are stuck in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time than you expected on the road . Besides , public transport is overcrowded in rush hours . Another downside is that most buses are old and dirty .
On the one hand , if you belong to a school , you can participate by giving information to the children about the catastrophic image our village would have if we did not reduce the pollution to the minimum range .
The old town is an historical and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
One of the most characteristic things about this region is the food and Cáceres is the top city of gastronomy in Europe .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant in the city and it has been recognised with two stars by the most famous guide for restaurants in Spain .
It has been known in human history since at least 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , bringing bad or good luck .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods at sea .
In more recent years , in World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent gangrene .
At the present time , modern science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption on human health .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic on the blood system .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent on convincing people to be responsible for their environment ?
I backed off and decided to just continue to make my personal contribution to helping mother earth .
After my awareness of what was happening with our natural resources , I am very glad to have been playing my part .
Fourthly , I only buy organic products for consumption and keep a small spice garden in my backyard .
We can begin with ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
I would be able to spend three months on an intensive course in the spring .
Michael is an American guy , living and studying in the Netherlands at Leiden University .
He chose to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day , he went out with a couple of friends . They went to a night club called " Miami beach " . They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes off him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
If the sheet is good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
If the sheet is bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
So , I tried to translate your French on Google translator and I could n't understand what you meant about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to writing English and I at am intermediate level .
I will start level B2 on the next course .
Indeed , his team was almost at the bottom of the NBA teams , whereas they are in the middle position now .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks in the opposite direction .
The " Di Roma restaurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular with teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section on your site , but it said :
Whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
The Vikings were feared by most people in Europe , but they were also merchants and explorers .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the west , both cultures are also popular there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong being just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 million citizens live there .
From the 1980 's , it has been developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters there .
It is providing a 12-year free education for every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point on time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
When you go by car you can control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you , while on public transport you have to pay for a ticket for every single passenger .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train . For instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travel " chess , meeting new people , like on a stage coach but moving faster .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant to the director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient in the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
I want to tell her so many things about my feelings towards her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , for more than 5 years , Europe has been suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the young , including highly qualified graduates .
I believe that governments of different countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to exacerbating the impact of the economic crisis .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could describe myself as a sportswoman .
My passion for travel goes back years to when I was just a child . As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discovering new places .
A couple of years ago , I spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
As on the 6th of September there will be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to fly back to Italy for a couple of days .
In addition , last year , I participated in a work placement at the ASL in Rivoli .
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
For example , when we stay in a queue , coming to the cash register and it transpires that the price on the label is more expensive .
Because everybody drives their cars and motorcycles on the roads , the traffic jams will not only be a serious problem for the government but will also be a safety problem for citizens .
One is that people may be stuck in traffic jams during the rush hours . The second is the more vehicles there are on the roads , the more exhaust fumes will be emitted into the air . The last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
As a result , I think traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
In addition , most people are not used to walking even short distances .
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
We are an underdeveloped country , as other countries say , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better life . But if we started to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need for energy would be decreased .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and helping the surroundings .
Nowadays , my country has started to build a great number of hydroelectric and wind parks and we are also starting to think about geothermal energy .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only about spending money .
All those little steps help our nation to build a developed country that is environmentally friendly .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting them has been made a punishable offence .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles more than 15 years old .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching to public modes of transport .
Particularly when the owner gives orders to the waiter , these situations become hilarious .
It was a short soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you have known them for a long time .
As technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way to being ruined .
It means that more kinds of species are endangered because they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining land .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's on campus or in public places .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
So , I wonder if I could apply to one of your courses ?
I am interested in applying for one - on - one classes in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out of his head .
I met her in second grade . We were queuing to go into class . That was the moment I saw her .
Once in the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
Hopefully , next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
When it comes to the issue of whether pets can be like our family .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people on the earth .
For example , my friend has a dog . One day when they were on his farm .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered like human friends .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pet as if they are their psychiatrist .
It was at Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
I haven't heard anything from you since then .
What have you been up to ? I 've just started a new job for a big French company .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting my cousins last year .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had the chance to spend my childhood in Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma in English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel this month and the salary offered per week .
I was beginning to work in a research center for Energy .
I liked my project a lot and I wanted to continue with it , but my project manager was worried .
Thanks to a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the minimum funds to develop our innovate work .
Unfortunately , the process only works for twelve hours .
Our goal was to increase the storage capacity to several days .
The next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change to her life .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking of her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she had never gone without knowing about her return .
At that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
But people should realize , that there are many advantages and disadvantages to being celebrities .
I have seen the advertisement for the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My employers have never complained about my work .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related to the dimensions of the building ; the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put onto the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum is a fantastic building as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist is coming to Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
I would like to learn on this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , on the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi connection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who cooked the dishes of the Mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar on the beach and a boat for trips around the Mediterranean sea .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught the amateur cooks how to make bread .
It all began on a rainy morning in July . School 's out for 10 days and , as a result of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to spend the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
I 'm very pleased to inform you that I will be your college for the next six months .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
She just felt it in her bones .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toast like usual !
At classes , everyone was very kind to her .
That was the most happy day of Anna 's life .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit on your route , no fixed timetable for car travel .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause an awkward situation .
Most of the time , pets are not allowed to be on public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travel is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation to a fading future .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
Subject : Opinion on what young people are interested in
about what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation of young people are more
Because this kind of music connects them at parties .
Clothes is harder , as I said before , because fashion
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hippy - style
I have experience of cooking and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parents Association of my children 's school .
As a member , on many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
These was invaluable and relevant experience for the job I am applying for .
For example , in the first 3D movie , Avatar , the movie maker spent a lot of energy and time on developing a novel movie genre .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , viewers can learn not only foreign languages but also about exotic cultures .
The news on CNN includes events which are happening all over the world .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , foreign movies still play important role in the domestic movie goer 's mind .
With an intense passion for fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and set up my own branding business with my older sister and her husband .
They are used to managing different technologies like televisions or computers .
I think that children ca n't be supervised by their parents all the time because they have to work and do household tasks .
I am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things like numbers or letters .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things like geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation topic to talk about with friends .
I remember when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made of cheese on a roll , with a little candle .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with a good flavor .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps poor families with little children .
I picked it up off the ground .
There she was , standing in front of me .
I thought I was dreaming at first .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
What happened to all those words he 'd said to me !
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
Now , after all those long years have gone by full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have is the memories which were saved by him in a little wooden box .
I 've never found out the reason that made him leave me , despite all his love for me , unfortunately ...
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right to have a private life and the right to live without journalists following them everywhere .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent from my life for so long .
We could go to the most representative places in Mexico , such as Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
perhaps we could go to the city zoo in order to find out whether there are any vacancies that suit you ?
Something I can do is to do some research into places that need people who speak English fluently .
It starts with drumming and singing by young girls from the community .
I would like to say that learning any language is complicated for anyone , wherever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matters to discuss .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country . In this case , your knowledge will be reinforced by your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad . You can improve your English by working hard in your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
Since graduation , I have been employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I assisted the project engineer with Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " in Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
Though it will affect the environment in a good way .
Apart from that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés in the market square .
My family is n't so close and is distributed around many cities in my country . After some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise for my father for his 50th birthday .
For a long time I had n't seen my father so happy . Secondly , seeing how big the family is now , with so many children .
Travelling around the city by car is faster than on public transport .
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also the surroundings .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibility of escaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
On the one hand , everything is very clean , including floor , bathrooms and corridors . In addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble getting in there because there are some ramps to help you go in .
Therefore , most of these famous people complain about this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constantly devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing who they are with , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increase of its use .
I write down new French vocabulary or grammar in my notebook .
I go to my art class from 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evenings .
What do you do to relax , besides watching TV ?
According to a global survey , Taiwan has a reputation for effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment for its citizens .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
His kids dreamed of a big house that had a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful view to the beach . They also wanted to have a dog . If they had one , it would be called Winy .
He said that if Nick built a house with two floors , he would buy it and pay for the children 's studies lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
After months of working on the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they wanted .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes of land degradation were deforestation and over - grazing .
Finally , 7% could be explained by other reasons .
On the other hand , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% because of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates for deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of antenna .
However , we consider a friend a person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm used to doing that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I would n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried about something or someone . In fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
I think that I should have more confidence in my family and remember that they wo n't leave me because of something I have done in the way my best friends could do .
The route makes many stops in different places , so the way on the map is a mess .
It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
From that time , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Any one of these 7 buses takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has no traffic jams .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have a problem with parking your car .
Transportation is a means of movement from one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
So , whoever wants to star a journey has several choices of transport , either by sea , by air , by land or on foot .
Although I have taken part in many competitions , there was one which was the most enjoyable experience of my life .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
' The moment of realisation hits you like a ton of bricks , leaving you with a life full of regret and guilt '
People were attracted to her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
That girl who had done nothing but harm to him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door to her .
Each and every colour glows in the dark giving hope in the darkness .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I strongly agree with , because the extra traffic caused by the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals causes massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad for the health of the walking and cycling citizens , especially young children and babies .
Mostly from 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work . That is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get from A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
When I arrived there , I queued in the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us into the venue and they carried out all the checks .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be with us or if it will disappear completely .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling by car is more convenient than travelling by just trains or buses .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I won first place . During the first 3 years , I ranked in the first 10 places in Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
For someone new to this sport , I would recommended being patient and constant in training , because practice is what will make you better and help to improve your level . And , finally , always enjoy the game .
They started talking , complaining about the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
For example , you should take public transport instead of a car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than on a bus , for example . You do n't need to be afraid that someone could suddenly steal your purse and you do n't have to listen to others when you travel in your car .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person to work in summer camps USA .
As you know , he works for a security company called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to Bono !
Of course , then he handed two " Staff " tickets to me .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went to the concert together .
Before the show we were helping with installing the sound equipment .
During the concert , we were standing in the backstage area .
I must say , he is much more handsome live than on the TV .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , wanting to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response and your recommendations .
In this essay I will comment on one of the last mistakes that I made and its consequences .
On the last trip , I parked my car in the airport car park , it has many storeys with different signs .
I left my car on the storey with the orange color , but when , some days later , I looked for my car I did it on the storey with the intermediate color .
When you come out onto the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant . Then you must go to the left where you will find a big square with swings and slides .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers questions .
Moreover , it allows you to study at your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the usual way to studying online .
Nowadays , people want to travel at their own conveyance using their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Another problem with the buses is that if you take one during certain times , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
Currently , people are thinking about whether they can learn good English in my country or whether they have to move to an English - speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to study in their own country or go abroad to learn English .
But they can only afford it by working as an au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because these jobs include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of English .
This way is cheap as well and they do n't have to change everything in their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , at this age , people normally have more responsibilities , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
The purpose of this report is to explain that my town has become more aware of the need to take care of the countryside .
One of these bins is destined for plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottle bank and the last one is for batteries .
I really think that it is necessary to make people conscious of the importance of saving the planet .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to combine my love of cooking with my job .
It is not necessary to say I am able to work to a cafe schedule . I have experience working shift days and weekends .
In Madrid , you can find clothes by the best designers , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
But do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great collections at 50% off .
If you want more information , just contact us .
Nowadays , people 's lives are undergoing an unexpected change all because of globalization .
The need for exporting and importing items has increased in the last 10 years . Consequently , the life of the people has been raised in rapid response .
Personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems . Instead , they can see all the problems happening in the world on their smartphones .
In the future , people will communicate via their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
I believe that we haven't ever thanked her for what she did and does for us .
Because of that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall in Jerez , called AreaSur .
You only have to walk along the road opposite our house and you will arrive at the bus station .
Every holiday , the DGT in Spain launch an awareness campaign to remind us about good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer than travelling on other modes of transport .
I 'm afraid and that started when I was travelling to Mexico on my honeymoon .
At that time , there was a tropical storm , and the turbulence was horrible ; but a not time I have stopped travelling by plane .
To sum up , all kinds of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending on our needs , we use one or another .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle lane . In contrast to here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
we can see the number of projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co. will be at 450 thousand pairs next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousand pairs . Then the number of Jack&Jones Co. will drop to 250 thousand pairs in Feb next year .
After this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise gradually to hit a peak at 90 thousand pairs in Dec.
The number of Mango Co. will grow steadily from May to July next year . It will remain at 500 thousand pairs for four months then achieve the highest number of about 600 thousand pairs in this period .
The pie chart illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co. , Jack&Jones Co. and other companies for jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co. will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Firstly , they were given 5 books about different subjects .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
The weather is changing . In the morning there are high winds , in the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
In my opinion they are also people like we are . They have their own life ,
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happens to a celebrity ?
Lanjarón is one of the most touristy villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important for both the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
Therefore , compulsory service in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts in the army .
Firstly , the food I make for myself is more reliable than the food that is made in restaurants .
Also , the food I make for myself is much healthier .
So the food I make with my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tiring , so they go out to eat .
Because you do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which are more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money on gas .
I 'm a teenager and I like to watch movies , like other teenagers .
They help me to develop and to see the world from a different perspective .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem leaving their lives and starting a new job on a farm just to be in touch with nature .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal space .
In addition to that , you can have a rest during the journey .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country . The authorities have arranged many procedures to ensure that the town stays clean at the same time as being environmentally friendly .
Another handy rule has been introduced , which is that plastic and glass need to be thrown in different bins that are available for public usage in each supermarket center . In these , people can find these bins at easy locations available everywhere .
Firstly , we have a big issue in global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the globe due to greenhouse gases .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels we mainly run our vehicles on will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resources at a fast pace .
A lot of us just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
That is our responsibility to future generations .
Eventually , the debris hits the Shuttle and thus more debris is created which follows the orbit of Earth and moved around it at a very high speed .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are employed in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village from one place .
According to the schedule , the train arrives on platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures . As she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life comes slowly back to normal , but not for too long , because she becomes suspicious the murderer could be closer than she would ever have expected .
To most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
She could have got married to a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Right after getting off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view to satisfying her long wait for him .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job of re - building animal habitats , so I thought that they might need money , since they have just spent money on building the habitats .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally deciding to start music lessons .
I would like to ask you for just one piece of information .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off at several stops ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat and I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area has changed so rapidly , such as , now it has a lot of condominiums a long the main road and nowadays this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That makes my life so convenient and safe because I can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes and I can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minutes , so I did n't worry when I got sick and the large police station is located in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who lives in this area .
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed him .
Although the two movies are from completely different genres , similarities still exist .
Both the movies have happy endings for the leads .
At the end of Rust and Bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psychological difficulties ; Pat 's desire for his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilt over her husband 's death .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even in the saddest section .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in these ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
What is more , this project will give me valuable experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendencies in the social sphere and careful attitudes towards the environment .
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch something else . Through the increase in channels and competitiveness , the audience has also increased its power of choice .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficulties in their lives , but there are also the solutions to all the problems at the end ; the lady gets married and lives happily with her love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that real life is different and the difficulties are part of our lives . They are there for us to give value to everything we have and to remind us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
For the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the time , each member of the family drives his own car .
Recently , governments in many countries imposed a ban on parking or even a ban on driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
They do not like travelling by bus or tram .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban on cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jams and the air pollution .
Because Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved it .
Having fairies as characters adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast between the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
They have to learn the skills that a job involves and the only way to get this is by practicing .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
Thus , pushing themselves leads to success .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is seen as one of the best bays in Vietnam , so I especially recommend you to go there .
A student group usually meet in the College Theatre every Monday to watch films and , afterward , discuss them , but you 're not alone !
Every Monday a different guest speaker is invited to the Film Club to manage the discussion over a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
For the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club to speak about the film in which they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process for getting involved in their characters for realistic acting .
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break from your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you should n't miss this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start to the week .
In the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
In Cluj , each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , something that can reduce the air pollution produced by car exhaust .
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
I do it every day at school .
The next day I complained about him to the head of the department . It was only during that time I got to know that he is one of the technicians who is taking care of repairs of the microscopes in the department , and his manager requested me not to repair any unit without an official request , and he would come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Because there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written this report in order to find out the their preferences and the trends which are in nowadays .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV over reading a book as first option .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who lives in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in front of you .
In my opinion , it is probably the basis of the values of every society , because our children now will be the men or women of the future .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing important things like the effort to achieve goals or respect for everyone .
This option may be used for cargo also ,
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this helps to move cargoes everywhere at a low cost .
Everyone in the organisation is kind , helpful and cheerful .
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , because more and more people are becoming members of the club .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job by checking local advertisements on the Internet .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , as do my cousins , whose ages are in the required range for going camping .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun through my work with children . I consider myself very patient and I do care for children . In view of that , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for people who want to visit a little bit earlier and the changing room heating should be fixed .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion on an abandoned island after the Second World War .
The problem with this mansion is that it hides a lot of secrets and mysteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real occupants of the house are Nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister Anne , who turns out to be one of the most important characters in the film , and their mother , who is called Grace and has a particular obsession with catholisism .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
I would recommend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared , because it is not like the rest of the horror movies . It is a film in which you are continuously discovering secrets as if you were another character .
Public transport is the mode of transport for passengers who can travel from one place to another for less money .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feel uncomfortable when it comes to travelling by public transport .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
So , I agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
It is a well - known fact that transport is closely related to pollution .
So it is a question that requires deeper reflection from all of us .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be quite different to the ones we know now .
Public transportation is the most popular way of travelling to places .
In addition to this , we do n't have to spend too much time looking for a bus which will go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around for years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
We should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars on its streets and this number is going up rapidly . Having this huge increase in cars will impact badly on public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel in a car because of the privacy and independence.the remarkable development of cars ' luxury features and other options .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computers in order to relax and feel positive emotions .
Having lived during the century which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , what will the home of the future look like ?
Houses will continue to be divided into rooms in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area into certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
And when you want to buy something for a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something for a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often at a better price .
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I am applying for the job in the summer camp in your advertisement .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend on my parents .
I feel that you should refund my costs for staying at your hotel and I demand a refund of the cost of the other plane ticket I had to buy .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
When you do any sport , you have to be confident in yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Practice makes perfect . Do research into Muai Thai 's culture , do research into Muai Thai 's methods .
I am an economics student at National Chung Cheng University , which is in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting at The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I had a bigger interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subjects .
At university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent for numbers , and I can memorize numbers extremely well .
My first job was as an assistant to my financial accounting professor .
This is a nervous and exciting decision for me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
He has been one of the players of basketball from when he was an elementary student until now he 's in college .
It had been a very intense and tiring day for all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , but he 's known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a coach for the younger kids in his town .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute to society at their very young age .
It might be a simple way but perhaps society will be proud of what are they doing .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
Michael thought of a dirty trick . He called Henry to a birthday party and took him onto the terrace and pushed him over .
Have you ever thought about what your life will be like in the next 50 years ?
It 's quite amusing to try to figure out what life in the future could be like .
Every day , we are looking for friends .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meetings .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about whether you will be a good friend to your future child .
He had everything that any person would want to have : living abroad , earning a lot of money , having a partner , working for an international company , and so on .
Sounds perfect to me !
As you asked me , I prefer sailing on the river to climbing a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity if you want .
The red coral reef off the coast of Australia , for instance , serves as a shelter for algae and other tiny sea fishes and an index of environmental fragility .
On top of that , it is the regulation capacities of the environment for temperature , moisture and even sandstorms are eroding as less plants inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
Because the population density is increasing all the time currently , the losses triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
I want to tell you about the concert at my school . It was really cool .
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
I see most of them like to stay in the park downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes open from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcoholic drinks .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter for discussion .
At the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , economic viability and even time uses , take part in the decision .
On the other hand , traffic is the biggest problem when talking about transport , the car 's conveniences are replaced by the need for punctuality and , depending on the city , delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or train .
Looking forward to receiving your next letter , and on tenterhooks about the information you 'll provide .
It is certainly true that people are very critical of appearances .
Although on some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothes they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our lives .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
A lot of convenience , this is the reason why there is no future for public transportation , people do not want to spend a little time walking to the bus station or to get a cab . Also , the service on public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab drivers refer to the people , the way the bus or cab drivers drive , etc .
In countries like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , which is a service that you can use if you have a credit card . It is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the financial status to use an Uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the bus or cab driver yells at them or drives badly . In Mexico , the public transportation , in particular the cabs , are not a very secure services , because some of the drivers steal and kidnap , in many situations they could kill you if you do not take precautions . But despite this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some things because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to take public transport .
When she got to the office , she saw on her desk a note in a heart shape .
But moments later , she found a second letter with the same shape .
Sarah and Stephan are friends at the same school and also neighbors .
Sarah was concentrating on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly on his MP3 .
The man got out of the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to music and pay attention to things around him .
Luckily , Sarah was fine because the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
It is my contention that people who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher likelihood of being successful in school or work .
That is to say , the invention of the internet made it available to everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the latest knowledge by owning a computer that can access the network and having the ability to read .
In other words , the way to get knowledge is equal for everyone in the world .
To explain , there is a trend that many universities all over the world set up free courses for people who thirst for knowledge , also often inviting famous scholars to give a speech to the public that is open to everyone .
Hence , this research reminds us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor for success rather than of having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many parents are younger than in generations before .
Previously , most women used to have a baby after marrying their partners . But today , it is not so important anymore .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their children without having experience of that .
At my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
He sat on his chair and looked out of the window .
" ..... " he looked at his hands .
He shook his head and looked at the ceiling .
He looked at the bathroom door and walked over to it .
You are late for your death date "
First , there is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I have lived with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other well enough to support each other .
It is well known to the whole world that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life than the other one ,
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond with each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp . Of course , we can no longer wait for thirty days when we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I hav had two close friends since we were about 7 years old and we still have a strong friendship now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other on everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
The best of all in real friendships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions . He will be the same for you .
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would be neither as competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up on .
because there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
Although there are some disadvantages to using a car , such as traffic jams and high maintenance costs .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
This speaks to the idea of the government or another organization having control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
Mankind has always striven for freedom in one way or another , and taking away control over their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not say whether or not control over people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only speaking hypothetically , without any form of testing . However , it does have its strong and weak points .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups . Gothia , for example .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's really fun to go far in the cups .
I think there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depends on the situation , because I also like to let things be and let them happen because they have to happen , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happen and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related to my future or something that will really affect me , I prefer to plan it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my degree or things like that .
The sports centre in Ondara has visitors from several villages and from all age groups .
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to its full schedule and the number of coaches , adults , as well as children , can do different activities at the same time instead of having to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for old people .
David is at a boarding school in Bern and will finish next summer .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazingly , he has the ability to appear serious .
Thomas is a calmer person and has control over circumstances .
I especially like to have a first class seat on a plane .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit on a plane , enjoy your flight and take a break from your business and from work .
From my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when you go abroad on holiday .
I 'm very happy to hear your news !
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming to tourists .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented towards Mecca .
Outside of the Mosque you can see narrow streets with flowers and a Roman bridge . It is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing walk .
For a job , i recommend you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job on the beach , because at the same time as you are on the beach , you could earn money .
A cold chill ran down his neck .
If you play a sport , you improve your abilities because you 're working in a team in which all the players have the same aim in the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience of working in a team that is full of new people .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw on the noticeboard of your school .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK since July 2012 .
I will permit everybody to explain his point of view .
I strongly believe that research has valuable benefits for society and the environment .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources describing what research means .
He mentioned an important point of doing good research .
Second , critical thinking , which is deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor in successful research .
Such as ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
Also , seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
To conclude , there are some important research principles .
First , I can travel in my own car whenever and wherever I want .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel in my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
However , I find traveling in my own car has many more advantages than disadvantages .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather their own cars .
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , about which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
On this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
However , you should still be able to drive yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
I am writing to you in order to apply for a position as the person who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence of my excellent English skills .
Among my acquaintances I have a reputation for being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
I work in a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
Computers help us with organizing our data . Also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Like his mother , he would work as an advocate .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter was following in the footsteps of his mom .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the total cost of the package ?
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
Now we are spending too much time waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
I 'm writing to say that I 'd be delighted if you were my guest at home next month .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things on our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult for me but I finally took this decision because I want to have new experiences .
I'm very excited ! I 'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans for it .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings by gifted and famous artists .
Like Asian countries , such as Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive for all students , especially for primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system in Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot , with 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children will get the highest scores in school .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in a different way to Vietnamese parents .
Outside school , they send their kids to sports centres or social activities .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time playing and enjoying their childhood .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the height , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
You must trust your life to this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
You should try this amusing and thrilling sport because it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things . In summer I always go to the mountains , to my grandparents ' house , where I have fun with my uncles and cousins .
We take food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a mountain , an amazing castle or a typical market in a town .
These are some reasons why I love mountains and why I spend most of my holidays there .
In villages , the only means of public transportation is small buses , most of which can carry up to twenty passengers at any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute on trolleybuses and trams .
I hope the road surface quality in Russia will improve year by year .
I 've had a little bit of experience of summer babysitting for some kids . In Italy it is more difficult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should take responsibility for you , so it is better to be over 18 .
During those few times through which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in the Italian way .
I really like many sports in this world . I go to the gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship with the horse you ride .
With this reliance , you can go through everything together .
However , in my opinion , it will instead be useful to use public vehicles as time goes by for two critical reasons .
Pollution is a kind of global issue which people should take seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution to that problem .
I am 25 years old and I finished my studies in psychology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
This results in different views on whether people agree that the best things for improving people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic is completely wrong for me , even if some improvements are easy to use and solve most problems .
First , the growth of the population still continues , the space for living is still a serious problem , although the skyscraper has already solved most problems related to the population crisis .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population . However , the building will produce more pollution if the skyscrapers are constructed from modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commerce and shop for goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal private information at the same time .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
That is why I said that the best improvements still do not exist , even though computer systems have already solved some problems .
I feel very strongly that daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be in shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus to school .
For example , you could go on foot or on your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead . By doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without special equipment and having fun with your pals .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendships these days and social networks are OK for being in touch with your friends . But if you want to make new ones .
At the age of eighteen , most British students are finishing secondary school .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generation to succeed by their own means .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : will we be able to take care of youngsters and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
I arrived in Spain on Sunday morning . It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
When I arrived home , I just wanted one thing , to sleep , so I did .
All day I was lying on the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredible time with them .
In Andalusia , at Easter , the typical dessert it 's called " pestiño " .
My family is Catholic so at Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday . It 's the same for my family too .
Those two day were family days . I had to go to the church to a mess which represents the last days alive of Jesus Christ : the last supper and the passion .
At least , this weekend I did n't do anything special , because I felt tired and I had n't got enough money to make any special plans .
Such policies will involve taxes on polluting cars , the increasing of fuel prices and the introduction of benefits for those who opt for more environmental means of transport .
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading throughout mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses on the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
Those kinds of things help the brain to be more active and process information faster .
This statement is based on the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
In general , all the things described above show how important reading is to exercise the brain .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , because of that , really enjoyable .
How was your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it was loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the life of William Shakespeare .
As it cost very little to get into an open - air theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat under shelter with an extra shilling paid .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in contact with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
The audience would boo and throw fruit at the actors if they did n't like them .
Pig 's blood was used for casualties or deaths in sword fights .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors onto the stage .
The company changed its name to ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest in the spotlight on playhouses .
As you asked I am going to give information on how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started with the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Apart from this group of volunteers , every person in the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as low as possible . Here the bicycle is the most popular mode of transport . Cars are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
The last but not least disadvantage of doing shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpockets , and they could rob us .
Whereas " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warranty expenses of under $ 150 .
" Cada 's " product has the highest running costs , at $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running costs only come to $ 800 , and " Sebu " obviously has the lowest expenses , at $ 600 .
As a long term investment , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person cares about what she or he is wearing .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help with expressing ourselves .
It is often caused by wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
Two days before , Peter received a letter from someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Moreover , there are distant places we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling in my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , and l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
The consequence is that they can easily get sick in modern buildings , which will influence their mental health , and even worse .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
Without a pleasant place to live , they are facing extinction .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided for those animals , like birds .
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
All that is required of you is to have a knack with kids and love the idea of becoming an au pair .
Fill in the application form and send it to us at the following email address :
I am sure I will meet your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
I hope to hear from you as soon as possible with an interview appointment .
Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
It will be very good for us , for the animals and for all the plants .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
This project is historical research on the relationship between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's institutions and government to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation to the new European currency .
This study project will be developed by studying :
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to carry out and analyse interviews with Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historical and economic field .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
It 's hard to put myself in their shoes .
They left early in the morning . Everyone on the trip was very excited .
He followed the trail until , finally , he was able to catch up with the class .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary by National Geographic called Ocean .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because everyone must know what we are doing to the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training in Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
For me , the practitioner 's safety is one of the most important things , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans for Warden Park .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it would be a better idea to build a changing room with more space in that particular place .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is about the gym .
I am good at organizing and I am able to get to know a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to have a meeting with you to explain my skills to you in more detail and I 'll also bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Like many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and things like that .
Two weeks ago , he met a beautiful girl on Linkedin .
A few days ago , Tom saw in the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
The same day , he asked his Science teacher if this would probably happen in the future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they agreed that all the kids in the school would make a few placards with inspiring phrases about not using cars so much and using public transport more .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , in the north of Italy .
Doors will open to our voice , footprint or retina scan .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls asleep because Maleficent had cast a spell when Aurora was young .
I think learning is like a weapon for any individual and enables him to be like a champion .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home for weeks or months if you can . This is called self - study .
While in captivity , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the camp .
He was refused food but he kept going with his strike .
But his name was written in all western nation newspapers as a brave man .
The Gambia is well known to adventurers and tourists .
The statue of Kinta is situated at the entrance of Banjul .
Mostly , they prefer to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic jams and save time to get to their workplace earlier .
It can also save money as a price of the ticket for public transport is cheaper compared to oil costs for using a car .
In view of all of these points , it is not wrong to say that public transport is still available and very useful in our daily life ; even though there are many types of car , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where people from all places meet on one transport system and they can build a relationship between them .
I have seen your advertisement for the job at the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area . In addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children during activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different reasons described above , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
Go every second day . Run at your own pace , and the next week you can do more ! ... and one day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely sufficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
Participation in class by asking and answering questions demands more active thinking from us .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground the size of a volleyball court .
A central line divides the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is proudly called Ellai kodu(Border Line ) in Tamil .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternately , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual in most games .
It says the bravery of a man is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead on the field was far better than retreating .
There are accounts of a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in his chest .
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tells the story of the adventures of the " Doctor " .
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
In my opinion , this series was wonderful and , I look forward to the next one !
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taken out of the library budget in 2015 .
The big question was whether she would be able to engage herself in this new activity .
She had been trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she still felt unready to cover a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed at the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only B1 .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one press of a button .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
The answer to this question depends on where you live .
Your attitude to public transportation strongly affects the quality of public transport itself .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred of writing .
Humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate for you .
The Earth , the Moon , maybe Mars , will all be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap towards it .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go anywhere , but when you travel on public transport you must wait for the time when the public transport can take you .
With public transport , you must go to the points along the route .
I am very glad to read this good news . It is the first step towards the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
I worked on that team more than ten years ago ( new employee recruitment ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to make a good impression .
In my opinion , it is really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who could be the kidnaper .
The way I see it , finding the origin of languages can be similar to knowing our own family tree .
Consequently , there will be constant research into the field of our origins .
When it comes to helping communities , people have different attitudes towards whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
For example , to be outstanding enough to go to the best university , students have to perform well in their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
They have to do full - time jobs in the daytime , and have a part - time job at night .
First translations appeared at the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are translated from German or French and the translators changed the plots as they wanted ( and turned them into tearjerkers as a rule ) .
Once more unto the breach ! ) .
It came into fashion and became honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually began to appreciate Shakespeare 's skill at portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
All in all , he apologized and in the end , everything was resolved .
The restaurant is on Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical dishes in Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose one of the three types of meat that I mentioned , but this is accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating from Oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you must go to Azul Historico , because it has delicious food , sometimes has regional music and the service is excellent .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are broadcast every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
As you can see on my CV , which I enclose with this letter , I have studied International Trade and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high grades from the London Economics School during four years .
Also , I have a degree in IT from the Google University . I did that course online .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am looking for the chance to work for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and last year your company won the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowledge and my work experience to improve your profits every year .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has its thumb print on the people in that part of the world .
Last but not the least , music is a sort of treatment for those who are suffering , so , regardless of its type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine for the soul .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods like the inquisition . Knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since knowledge through books had become a threat to their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although some ideas were maintained , ( for instance , the astronomy of Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the movable type printing press by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) because it gave access to knowledge , recovering significant books by Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues could spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was adapted to the political and religious thought of the speaker . So , the most efficient and objective way to transmit knowledge was through books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
In contrast , nowadays , books are not necessary at all , because the internet facilitates knowledge even more .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children aged 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years in the United States .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way of thinking just because of the damage that children can cause . One example is the famous " bullying " , the principal method that kids use to annoy the ones that look different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all families a special doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
In this essay we are talking above all about rich people .
In fact , especially in rich families , the children are in trouble with their parents , above all when they have parents who are separated .
Also , most children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money their family has , and they grow up wanting more and more things .
But on the other hand , there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
If this will also be the case in our future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
That morning his , grandmother had gone to the hospital because she had to have an operation and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 'd be bored and she could n't get out of bed for a few days .
So Peter went home to get his wallet , but before that he decided to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him on the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
For decades , man has preferred to use another way of getting around than using his own feet .
Scientists have been able to provide , in recent years , new means of transport , from cycles , to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , which have been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation networks throughout a country , and sometimes extend it beyond another country 's border by agreement between those countries .
Let 's not forget the hard times during cold weather , especially in winter , while going to the bus stops , or their low chances of having a good place to sit . Maybe there is another important reason that raises private transport 's score compared to public transport , which is molestation .
The cards included the programme of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
In my opinion , technology is becoming more and more important than art and is a necessary part of our lives .
Most people in this world ca n't live without technology .
Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
Technology is one important part of our lives which has made life more convenient .
In the old days , we calculated numbers with our brains and that could lead to some mistakes .
I sit in front of my computer and I get news from around the world .
As one person said , ' ' Sitting at a computer , you will get the world . ''
Pressure exists everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted at you or you have to carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music on your cellphone or watch some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
With modern technology , we can see a game which happened on the opposite side of the earth .
At this point , there is a second reason I can give .
The second reason is that soccer involves all players participating in the game .
Players are on the same ground and some people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
She knew that her parents were preparing a surprise for her , but it was kept as a big secret until the party that night .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy for her .
The Czech Republic is rich with history .
For example , in our capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's Bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where Karel IV lived , or the castle called Buchlovice , which is in the south - east of our country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
I have experience of taking care of children .
I am the eldest in my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I have enrolled in different courses about child development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I belonged to sports clubs at my high school .
Although cooking is my weak point , I always try my best .
I 've been doing martial arts for eleven years but I haven't lost the passion I feel for it .
I have been doing gymnastics for 4 months and am fascinated with it , I like to be tired from doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily . If it 's not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
It is that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash .
Grammar is the most difficult part of learning English .
And they will also remind you about some key points you did n't understand when you previewed it .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun in itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Taking care of our environment is considered , by many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
I would say to them , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made from recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Most products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
For these reasons , used clothes took hold in japan .
However , secondhand clothing stores have been increasing in recent years .
It comes as no surprise that it is extremely difficult to find the necessary thing at a good price in a defined time in a crowd .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
It 's the most fun sport in the world . When you 're kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected by passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to experience the love and passion that you feel when you are playing or watching a football match . And if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are at a higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you r team ca n't finish the journey to the championship .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to doing this kind of sport . However , once you are into it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because difficulties arise , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You must not be on your own , otherwise you can not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that makes a strong relationship forever .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking of which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving by yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that this sport gives you .
Without a doubt , our life is changing quickly and we do not realise this .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help with reforestation .
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking after my children too .
My tasks there were working with children of all ages to organise events , sports activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
Michael is an editor for an international student magazine .
Finally , they copied my article for this competition .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes and values that are shown by the people who work or study at universities .
In Nepal , students study individually and do not ask questions of the tutor even if they are confused .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise questions and share my opinion with the tutor .
On one hand , a large proportion of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people of your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degrees a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have classmates who are a year younger .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply in your future career .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes which drive by themselves and nobody needs to steer the car .
At the moment , people who have got a handicap can not drive a car by themselves .
This has a devastating effect on their independence and living freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are safer than non- self - driving cars .
The rising number of deadly car accidents raise an important question for all of us .
Rich people can buy one , but people from the middle class can not .
The automobile companies have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people from the middle class too .
When this happens , self - driving cars will be an enrichment in our lives .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help with school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
subject : the transport in my local area
If you are not keen on travelling by bus and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , taxis may be the best option .
These are a combination of buses and your own car .
There are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
Playing football on a regular basis helps to maintain good health .
But one of these sports comes to the top of my thoughts more often : running .
There is no need for expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you and a safe place with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can invest a lot in clothing and gadgets .
The relationship between famous people and journalists is an attractive focus in our society .
As we all know , technology is making life better .
By helping our society grow , but not too much .
The clients benefit from professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
That way , everybody could benefit from your spa .
Vanity fair is a good example of a book full of surprises .
You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
On this CD , the singer expresses all her feelings and tells us about her experiences during recent years .
When I listened to this CD for the first time , I could sense how the singer breaks out in these songs and how many aspects of her life taught her to grow up a little bit more each day .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration for his experiment .
It was already night when he was at Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working on an experiment and he did n't know what it was about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
I heard that you were working on an experiment ! "
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information for inspection .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is fun when you play with people who have the same level as you .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp in Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy learning . I follow a lot of sports channels on TV during my free time and that helps me with setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensuring they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure to help kids with their activities and teach them through play .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
In big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such as buses , trains , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
In addition , the price of fuel has increased over the last years .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are pleased with your new home . And what is it like ?
Nowadays , travelling on public transport is an experience who none has failed .
There are a lot of benefits to public transport . First , you do n't have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book or whatever you want without having to pay attention to the traffic . It is true , too , that travelling on this mode of transport helps the government because you have to pay for it , and the majority of modes of transport are cheap enough for everyone .
However , so many people love having their own vehicle , a car , a bike , a motto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicle is that you do n't have to take a bus , for example , crowded with people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you choose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has its own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of these is that in the second you choose your own way .
When you use a car , you do not have to think about timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that Extremadura 's roads need a big repair programme because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive on it .
Last year , the mayor changed the old buses for new buses without increasing the prices .
Now , it is safer to travel than in previous years .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
Guys should not go snowboarding .
I think it is a good place for other activities .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion on this question .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose at this question because they will teach you more directly .
This important way of communicating is lacking at school , because it 's a nearly a one - directional way of communication from the teachers .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion on this question , I think it does n't have to be explained any further now .
In recent years , people 's attitude has been changing .
However , public transport has been criticised more and more in recent years because of its inconvenience .
Sitting on the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Granada can be considered a clean city in regard to rubbish treatment .
There are a lot of recycling points for plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
As for pollution , in spite of having a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities in Spain .
I consider that Granada scores 6.5 out of 10 for taking care of the environment .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked along the promenade .
That day was a terrible day for Michael . He woke up and felt totally exhausted after an overwhelming birthday party .
On this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have made to it , upload photos and movies about your car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
I think it is better than other search engines because it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing extra .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and seeing for yourself the main sights in Moscow , I recommend you to visit Red Square .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
This results in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children nowadays .
My grandfather had to work hard to support his children through additional jobs .
Nowadays , every child can get more and more resources from their parents because of less competition with other children .
My brother told me when his baby needs to be fed when they are walking in the street .
The health care system also helps parents to care for their children , because people can spend less money to cover against disease through insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care for their children .
Eating according to a schedule is a very important tip you should take into consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
They help your immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litres of water every day is essential for your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energise your muscles or keeping your skin looking good .
Another thing you should take into consideration if you want to live a long happy life is doing physical exercise , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
My qualifications include broad experience as a childminder and of organising sports activities .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the tasks I would be called on to do if I got the job .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation " Rand " American research and development staff to monitor regularly use public transportation or go to work by car in a year .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded for a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
The transport sector in Arab countries suffers from many shortcomings and poor performance and is a cause of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
It has been observed , for example , that the increase in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of severe congestion in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people say that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the proof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people started to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars to the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by creative people .
On the other hand , the pessimistic view , in developed countries like Japan and Kuwait we do n't find problems like these because they have good planning , they make routes underground and overground , then they have routes only for people and routes only for cars . Finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care about that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic on hot days .
The food is really tasty , each bite is an invitation to travel through the senses to far away places in Asia .
Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
Because of this , we have witnessed an increase in traffic .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone . Consequently , car manufacturers look on it as a new opportunity to create new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
In the last ten years , technology has made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
There is a large number of African children who suffer because of the lack of food and clean water .
The principal cause of famine in Africa is the ethnic conflicts , which cause wars , the decrease of fertile land and the use of ground only to produce monoculture to export .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usual when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
At that moment , he understood that the mayor was going to build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but also started by the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
I went for a week to Center Parcs in France with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
We left on Monday morning at ten o'clock , we should have taken 3 hours but we took double because of the plugs .
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte - Croix Animal Park .
On Wednesday I went to try horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went to two riding stables but I did not find a horse that I liked .
On Thursday I went with my family to Strasbourg Cathedral .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , to the pool .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to a restaurant .
And in the afternoon , the centre organized a lesson for agility dogs .
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
Its true attractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is at the pinnacle of Andalusian art , is also its location , which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best in the world .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding the making of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
In the final stage , the well - produced sheets are packed and distributed to each branch , while the damaged ones are safely disposed of .
This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
It depends on whether the sheets are good or bad quality .
Travelling in your own car is much more comfortable .
As a result , there is a debate about whether educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , for the following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research needs investment in many resources that educational institutions can not afford .
However , if there is not a lack of resources for the field of study , educational institutions should support students in their field of study .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament for the light bulb .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that makes the research fail .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of antibiotics , discovered Penicillin accidentally from research into the germ .
said Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility into a possibility .
But that 's not my goal in doing a sport .
Apart from obviously having fun and socialising , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
I remember that I had a play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my studies , I paid more attention to rehearsals .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get control of ourselves .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper timetable , because the planners clearly show me an outline of the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility for my own learning .
As we know , football or soccer is the king of sports at present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's on television .
Some of the information was collected from the shops , and from the web .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts for the city center .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
I often think what would happen if I made all these efforts for my own business ?
You can also go shopping in the modern buildings and look at the beautiful scenery from the tall buildings .
They take part in a competition riding horses .
Most people in Bali rely too much on their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it the main cause of traffic jams on the island .
The consciousness that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should be raised first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling on a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to having two to four of them trapped in a car . In other words , one mass transportation means against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do for the environment by changing our transportation means .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of having the technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different ; the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and many people did work that can now be done by a few of them .
My favourite places to visit are in the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The first reason is that I have already studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience . I met very nice people from all over the world . I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoyed my stay in Oxford .
However , as countries develop and the economy grows and life changes , people change and standards of living change too . The factors that lead people to have their own car are dependent on and limited to several factors . There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead of travelling by public bus / train . We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving people an opportunity to chooses to travel in their own car or on public transport . In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated to public transport which help and ease the traffic in conditions of heavy traffic . With traffic technology solutions , owning a car is always better .
First of all , I want to explain travel links with the town . A lot of people come by train , It is situated at the top of the town and is the best way to travel to yours because it is the quickest , but if you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town . For example , we have one where children can make teddy bears while the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For three years , I babysat my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started , they were 3 and 6 years old and I loved preparing crafts to do with them and I usually had to give them dinner .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been a volunteer at my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
Also , I have gained communication skills through speaking with the children and the families .
Besides its advantages , which are that it is cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages to taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of service , and overcrowding .
For example , during my student days , I used to take buses to go to school every day and come back home .
It has been affecting the environment , causing climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to the increasing demand for using petrol for private cars .
The town is covered by more than thirty routes , most of them with a duplicate following the same route in the opposite direction .
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting to them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend at least three days there sightseeing .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go up the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been to .
Modern megalopolises are suffering because of a surplus of automobiles .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time downtown , to replace a car with a bus or an underground train .
You can choose from a variety of dishes on their menu - sushi , maki , etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
In this sense , the term " time management " means the ability to control time by prioritizing tasks and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and to keep concentration on motivating yourself to learn towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Developing a strategy for studying is vital .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomously learn , which will be a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Cáceres is visited by many tourists every year .
On the other hand , Cáceres is divided into two main areas ; the new city , which has modern and tall buildings .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain in these streets .
In Caceres we can eat Chinese food at Food House .
Some people do n't like this food , but at this restaurant you can eat other types of food . For example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
From my point of view , this restaurant has one drawback ; the waiters and waitresses do n't come to the table , you have to go to get your food and drink .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduces blood clots and slows down the deterioration of brain function .
On the other hand , the reading contrasts with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Third , people who drink alcohol tend towards aggression and violence .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts on different aspects of daily life .
People also discuss its advantages and disadvantages .
In recent years , some different sized logistics companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation have developed rapidly .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has put heavy pressure on transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
In conclusion , globalization of transportation has brought both positive and negative effects for Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization raise the standard of living while discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village in Italy and it is also my town .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should start with the little things .
I 'm living in Worcester , a city in England .
Moreover , language courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move to another country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnamese people nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get into the globalization process .
Each nation has their own historical place . Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look at the roots of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , customs and tradition .
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , in the Ly dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape now .
Like many other Asian countries , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
One remarkable feature of the Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examinations then gained position titles would have their names engraved on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
I love swimming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes in a pool .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think about your life .
You can do different sports in the pool , for example , swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing for people .
Fuji will continue to make a wonderful impression on many people forever .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
Subjects like passports , travel documents , third country citizens , inhumane treatment or punishment will be the main criteria of the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood for studying .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part in the international missions to maintain peace under the patronage of the European Union .
Secondly , I am going to inform you about how our citizens are trying to keep the area clean .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example of an environmentally aware city .
Naturally , it mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage in the dustbin , instead of leaving it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emptied into the same lorry with the other rubbish ...
I have just read your advertisement on your page for recruiting people for summer camps all over the USA .
I have taken courses in First Aid and I am even doing a course as a personnel trainer for children with some delay and disability .
In my spare time I work for a not - for - profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after I sat r the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I passed the exam , I started preparing for the certificate in advanced English exam so that I could demonstrate my English skill even more , both written and spoken .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it out of necessity and the ones who do it for fun .
These factors will be explained on another occasion .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , especially when we must travel onshore ; then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only on the sea or any sizeable river , the courses of which are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tiring and my strength was extremely weak so that every time we did 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I was a kid who was studying in kindergarten because of the way he taught .
Also , because of the fact that urbanization has not helped most countries to adapt the cities into more accessible places for senior citizens .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born in the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement in big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
On the other hand , for older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle to them enjoying all that there is out there .
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase in car production and in car use .
However , as time went by , improvements were made to public transport .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
The press editors often alter details so that they get material that sells well .
They live in tents that do not protect them from cold weather or dangerous insects .
In addition , financial crises . Most companies have financial problems , so the ideal solution to them is downsizing .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger to our society because they need money and food so they might steal or kill for this .
Thousands of acres of forests are destroyed , leading to climate change .
The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things breaking out .
Floods , droughts , and famines . All of these have great effects on humans and animals . For instance , the loss of property , the disappearance of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Finally , governments should use the space properly , for example , making plans before building buildings , estimating the effects on humans and animals .
I always stay home and take care of them . I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them . Sometimes I take them to the sports club I work at . I 'm a swimming teacher and in my free time in the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot about cooking because in junior high I took cooking lessons and I learned a wide variety of dishes and snacks .
It should be a strait line through your toes , knees and shoulders .
The best thing about this sport is the feeling .
And the Doctor Who Sci - Fi TV series from the BBC externalized this terror with the Weeping Angels .
After Blink was broadcast , it raised common fears about statues among TV - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances to humans .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psychopathic assassins .
Finally , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light in the basement to maximize the threat of the Weeping Angels !
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Curiously , there are many ways of taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go on the pitch , because it not only prevents you from suffering from sprains or other kinds of injuries , but keeps you active to keep the level of your game .
I am encouraging those people who do not like doing sport that it is the best way to maintain your health .
The main reason why Japanese people always follow the rules is out of respect and a hope not to cause any confusion for other users .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) . People may usually emphasize their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
I hope you will describe your impressions of the city after visiting it .
Moreover , life may not be possible for future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects for the planet .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes by the seashore .
Sitting at any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a complete mess .
Maybe someone had come into their house and stolen the game console ,
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't find anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several paw prints and , at that moment , Michael remembered a fact : he had left his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been into Paul 's bedroom and taken his Playstation .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the sides of the room , so now I am going to tell you what there would be on the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader . That being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books .
Since the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp on the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
Lastly , I would like my curtains to be red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think the family matters a lot to everybody .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient for everyone .
Although a private car is more convenient for its owner than public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space on parking while it could be used as a public space .
I realised there is no time to think much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
As I told you , I helped at Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
We do n't have to drive ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and a rise in the average sea level .
So , as a member living on our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen in a movie .
For a century , many modes of transport have been invented . Therefore , our lives have become convenient .
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It can have an influence on their work .
Also , you can take part in travel and work experience which your school can offer .
It helps you to ask people for a lot of important information which you need during your journey .
Thanks to learning another language , you can also have friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look at some tools I 'll be relaxed .
With the process of globalization , people are eager to know about other countries more than ever .
In the past , most people considered a museum the best way to get to know an unfamiliar country .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket for the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
While designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take into account the safety level of those activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
In addition , I have experience of providing basic , advanced life saving , and airway protection .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component of summer camp that each family is looking for . As a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and most important is my ability to intervene in emergency situations .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated like a Hollywood film .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are like in the American films but they are very uncomfortable .
We can make good use of time with TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
I am glad to have good news from you . It has been a whole year since the last time we talked .
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking in the old city .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I will be happy to have you here .
Then , we can go out for a party night in the west of the city .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for a Postdoc position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing military service ( August 2015 ) .
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution because of CO2 .
Yet , for me , public transport is my
For example , taking the train from Taipei , a city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the New Year only takes half an hour in contrast to nearly two hours owing to the car congestion on the highway .
Therefore , public transport is the best option for me .
Because there are nearly 70 billion people in the world , if everyone traveled by car even the half , the pollution would be a burden on the world .
It is urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse effect that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emissions .
He did his best in this race .
There he saw an old man who asked him for help .
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Moreover , he needed some people to advertise the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show by 3 pm " .
People have been changing for ages and , at the same time , they have been building an astonishing history .
They have been thinking about what the world will look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
I want to give an example of what the Home of the Future will look like .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is about the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and found a better solution .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother nature before .
Now , she is extremely angry because human beings did something to really hurt her .
Even though mother nature is complicated sometimes , she will give us a light of hope .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people along the Yellow River .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work to ease tensions between different nations .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of technology " , because now we all have a telephone that has lots of functions and that turns us away from real life .
This can be seen with teenagers , who seem to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer playing with video games on their own to going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession with business transforms society into a ring inside which every man is against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences national reputation .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
However , modern music is not always acceptable to different people .
Most countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
She preferred books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring to the elite in our school .
She was always the best student in the class or even in the school a couple times .
One day , she decided to abandon all of these things and get started on something completely different .
She is pretty , smart and so nice to everyone .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country . For this reason , the water at the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
It is easier to find a job at the beach than to find one in the centre of Spain .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
John talked about the serious problems caused by not recycling things like plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of their environment , and all this is causing loads of aquatic animals to die .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different backgrounds and with diverse needs .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at everyday life through different eyes .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face along the way .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe for Italian pizza .
My experience with children of different ages and countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your esteemed company .
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't swap this hobby for anything else .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was stuck .
I 'm a friendly , open - minded and quite easy - going guy who lives in one of the most beautiful cities in Russia - St. Petersburg .
I can share my knowledge of Finland and other countries .
In the countryside , you can find a recently built mall named " G3 " .
This street is one of the most popular shopping streets in Vienna .
For people who prefer spending their time in the outdoors , I would recommend a visit to the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
I 'm also a volunteer for the Red Cross , so I 'm used to looking after children and organising all kinds of events .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes to the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
If I were you , I would give up sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the daily practice which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
Her birthday was on Friday and they all wanted to go to the greatest club in Barcelona that night to have some fun .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
She did not appear at the club , and she did not come to the hotel on the following days .
If you want to meet a stranger , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of where you want to go and who with .
People travel less on public transport these days .
Many think that public transport is going to end .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
Because of this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
Some countries will be submerged entirely under the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing population .
No longer do we suffer studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we know through a link to the huge online database .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects on our personalities .
We do n't have to think too much about almost anything , needing no person for company since we have all these distracting devices for entertainment and relaxation .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans . I definitely think that this year of travelling and exploring will be a great way to grow up and meet new people from different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you with your planning , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
If , at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers you a lot of leisure facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
Which inspired me to study translation , which considers science and art at the same time .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
This gives me broad knowledge of petroleum jargon which opens endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge of petroleum expressions qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in training abroad .
I want to study at your university in the pre - sessional courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above - mentioned crystallized my ambition to continue higher education at a respected university .
First you should visit sights like the churches and cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been to the Barrel so I ca n't tell you what it is like .
There are about a thousand animals and in the middle of it is a gorgeous castle .
Some people argue that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy to others .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable for consumers that the business is targeting .
Students have started to forget their physical games and get stuck in this internet world . They are spending so much time on using the internet and they engage in only meaningless gossip on social networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is beneficial to improving their knowledge .
I am writing to you to ask if I may be considered for a place on your program .
I have all the characteristics which you require and , so , am an ideal person for the job .
I 'm very cheerful and I rarely lose my temper .
I will make summer camp a much better place to be !
If I can say , the beaches on those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java .
If you plan to enjoy your trip amongst the fresh green landscape of Java island , you should travel by train .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesians , just in case you need to find out more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous for their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
I suggest you choose college students , because they are more familiar with English . Besides , they will welcome you with pleasure to practise their English skills . When you use public transportation , you can ask for the information you need from the official employee in the station or from students for the same reason ; not many Indonesians speak English .
Another way , you could use an agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to meet the cost of the service .
I hope my advice will be useful for your trip to Indonesia .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding is much greater than in previous times .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring people new experiences of food , lifestyle and cultural exchange .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt of wedding costs .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark for an individual .
However , a wedding on a reasonable scale would both satisfy the guests and reduce the burden on the couple and their families .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended above the ground .
We immediately turned towards the bushes . We were worried , as we had heard on the radio that a bear might live there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer like Bambi , which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Because of that , I hope my letter will be taken into consideration .
I spent last summer in Oxford , UK , studying English at a language school for ESL learners .
There was not a chance to befriend them , I thought .
I needed practice with speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive than travelling by public transport .
The reasons for that may lie in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting most middle - class people in the country .
The low quality of produce that young people eat and the limited variety of eating habits could make things even worse .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family without being aware of the fans and paparazzi .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different than on the stage and their faces without any make - up appear on the Internet .
Hello James ! I have already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , especially golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
You keep doing sport but at another time .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
This attitude is especially true for sportsmen and women .
The complexities of swimming are not only for the body workout but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim every day , pushing yourself beyond your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and solid motivation .
Furthermore , as Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
People have had a need for communication since the dawn of time .
Every human being has a need for socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you can have a better and more complete answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
This fact , along with the spread of personal computers , quickly led to a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others like radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years , television was also an important channel for culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
The Internet has also replaced television for watching films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch videos instead of watching to the fixed schedule of TV .
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable for me .
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
You should take into account that thirty drivers ( often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other people in the traffic .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy in Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her from the hall and poke her index finger at her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal wished to be around .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living for his mother .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded by a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene on the balcony was n't even filmed in Verona .
The woman had smiled at Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had walked away .
Alice had gone around the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
But that day - it was in spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my studies abroad in .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering on many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused by the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long - yearned - for respite ?
Although the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
Four and five star hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available for families .
I helped with catering for the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just spend time on the west coast on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a lot of fun .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them on .
If it was possible to go to Hogwarts I would do it .
I do n't watch only movies , I watch some series to .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier by an artist called Sia .
When they were in Sweden , I was at their concert and after that my voice was almost gone .
But it was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because at Friends Arena the roof was open .
I like sushi because the combination of fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards him .
Micheal seemed to be really happy at that moment .
English was also the key to my passion for technology . The more I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area because of its great universities and educational system .
Although I write and speak English at an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic contexts and interpersonal communication . As all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good materials for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals in the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the job market . Travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. because of its differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me with its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background in computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
It was situated on a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
It was built in two different parts .
The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made of a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
Only after having read the explanation was it possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have a complete understanding of its meaning and shape .
I have experience of looking after children .
I am always willing to help with anything . I can be very creative when it comes to fun things .
On the other hand , they should learn something new in a summer camp .
She smiled at me !
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a decision about what I want to do next year . I am going to study at the university .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound in the world .
We also have a biogas plant on the outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post of the 18th of July .
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player in the world . I 'm also not .
Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them at every single moment of their life .
It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
It was my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
Going to a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded in peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish of large dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum onto the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kids between the ages of 8 and 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared on the TV news and on all the radio channels .
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour in and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houses and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
I watched almost every movie shown , some of them more than once .
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we really appreciate your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
Her teachers have complimented her on being focused , creative and eager to learn .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide a clear picture of the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and from what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
I may not know how to cook the usual food of the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
It suits perfectly the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mayan ancestors .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters in the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and private transport , because they both have advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
Finally , you can do shopping in The New Square , a round trading hall .
Parents face important decisions when raising children , not least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
From that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
Based upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children can not only learn to take responsibility , but can also learn to sympathize with others .
Recycling bins have been installed on every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage ' at St Petersburg State University .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations on the modern stage " .
He also broached the subject of Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important whether it 's developing towards equality or dominance .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations between Russia and Turkey .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked about current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
The round table at St. Petersburg State University attracted quite a large audience .
We live in the century of mass consumption , when shopping requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
Most consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing long queues in stores - no matter how unpleasant it sounds , it is the reality nowadays .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keeping on looking for it in another place .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable for the vast majority .
She was expecting a letter from the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter from the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly has been chosen to be the lead woman in our new play .
These big changes influenced poetry a lot and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referring to industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that creates it in a furnace .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; in contrast , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners on the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all God 's creatures .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal of fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back to their work on time .
According to scientists , people who usually eat a lot of junk food will have more than 50% risk of becoming obese and even dying soon .
Furthermore , most junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger of white - collar workers , but it can also harm their health .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems for teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
I saw the advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid of it breaking into pieces again . She could almost foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She tied the boat with long and very strong fabric made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane . She also used nails to attach some new and more resistant wood to the boat .
Meanwhile , Jacob was completely in love with that girl he met weeks before . Her name was Scarlett . She said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that would change gravity to low levels and for a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive . But as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them out of the city onto that mysterious island .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read fantasies and comics .
The baby 's inborn capacity for imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
Even if abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solution to accidental pregnancies .
Otherwise , you may run the risk of people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
He taught people from different backgrounds , undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
I witnessed and learned from his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be a great asset to your college .
I 'm writing in response to the letter Professor Collins wrote to you .
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information in textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
My fascination for those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interior , where everything is in its place .
In addition , spending too much time on activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you could look for a small apartment where I can live . It would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
2012 ) described an experiment by Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situations .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students gave the diagnoses correctly .
The University of Southern Denmark conducted an experiment which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do at language tests .
It was found that there was an apparent difference in average speed and completion time when comparing tasks by students with basic knowledge and those from another group .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster at analyzing .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out with this shortcoming .
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) conducted some examples into robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
For a country , robotics could be a new weapon in the future technological wars .
Public transport allows you to save time and money on commuting .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute in , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
But the visit which made a lasting impression on my mind is the visit to Red Square .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is told through a first - person narration from the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
Fate may play a role , but you still have to try and bring out the best in yourself .
It was a cold night in November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael . We had been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
How are you doing ? I 've heard on the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your latest PC program .
I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions to my children 's homework .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write their impressions of beautiful sights .
Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear from you soon .
The structure is divided into these sections :
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common in the group of mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
If we look at the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
She broke up , but now she is in his hands .
This sentence and some others sound like they were spoken by a man …
You also need to choose books by your favorite authors .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
If I quote you in my work , I might score a few extra marks .
Finally , a special mention goes to Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place .
Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , I chose economics .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is my duty to use my legal knowledge to protect them from infringement of their rights .
Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
First , an inspection of the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
I had to look for help ; there was little time to lose .
For of all these reasons , I highly recommend considering Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English and you have an idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply to teaching centers that offer jobs for native speakers of English .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide whether to relate to it or take an interest in it .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care of .
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference between re - use , recycle and reduce .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis on nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised on the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety of English courses .
I have extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I pride myself on creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thinking and writing skills .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted on the growth of the tourist industry .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day at work .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental to the environment .
There are some reasons why people leave shops in a bad mood , or even do n't want to go into them .
It is said that the man who goes shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
First of all , I would like to begin by giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting is located .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I was late for my departure for Chicago .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I saw them was near the tiny blue table located in the left - hand corner of the room .
They are studying at an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
Being able to study at an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
However , that being said , in my opinion , there is still a future for public transport .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and at lights .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like amongst all the trash because of the wide variety .
The ball went straight through the police station window and broke the glass .
Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl an " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection as a present .
The series had a great appeal in many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks outside of the box .
I was amazed by the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees ' whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used for the benefit of the students and , indirectly , for the benefit of the local community .
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue for the development of our society and younger generations in particular .
Having easy access to such a rich offering before having developed the ability to make correct choices or filter the information received , our children and young people are constantly under attack from dangerous role models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
I read about your summer camp on the internet and I would love to work with you .
At an early age , he lost his mother to illness .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother as other children , his father married another woman .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice weeping .
No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
In this day and age it falls on the taxpayers .
We often hear that no obstacle is ever insurmountable . However , is it true ?
Only in that moment will we understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure of their futures .
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree with the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or reading a book .
I usually travel by public transport and it is half of the cost of if I do it by car .
Not to mention the social bonding ability of it , while game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no - strings - attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , appear to be shared between every single sports event ) .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students while integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car and pay for its maintenance costs and fuel .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea on their recommendation as well .
They also offered me some honey to add to my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed at a rapid pace .
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses a magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves against , he or she can basically rule the world .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially under - cooked fish .
So , I can only have a cup of noodles on those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
progress of integrating into their culture .
The same goes for me .
I definitely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiastic members , not only bringing a unique experience into our lives , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues among the broader public .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue as to the life - threatening risks that they are taking .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster causes for the family that was left behind .
Besides being in charge of organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge of the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
As soon as one problem in the company was solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up with the party planning .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview of the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
It is essential for all forms of life in which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
Water treatment must meet the requirements of public and industrial standards .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents about purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greece .
The main precautionary measure was purely judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice has remained ever since , even nowadays .
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glass makers investigated magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall on the outskirts of Bern .
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially when you set foot in the restaurant for the first time .
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people present a different identity on Facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
Examining teens ' identity construction on social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Whether the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
Her voice was weak and feeble as she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going to India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go to India with me ? "
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have hands - on experience of organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work with such a diverse group of people .
I also really appreciated the practical experience I was able to get there - how to organise work in the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do on their holidays , for example , if they work properly when they should .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
A house for them to live in !
When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed at what she saw .
And congratulations on the baby ! " His boss looked at him angrily:- Do you think that I am pregnant ? " .
Our city offers visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
Window shopping along our high street is another option .
It is celebrated on mother 's day , in May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre full of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
You are sitting in a comfortable seat .
For short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago I think . You can be sure that I had the time of my life .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind in the sails .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer of tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also , there is no actor better for the role of agent than Mark Ruffalo .
The most interesting thing about ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence our life and people around us .
The only way was to show and prove to everyone that he was the best .
He did n't answer his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others and I 'm grateful .
The majority of patients that have had general anaesthetic , like Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , especially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
The first 24 hours post surgery is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse needs to maintain cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission to PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should carry out , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clear of mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
To help with this issue , the nurse should make certain that Mr. Sharma is comfortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from his respiratory instability faster ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
I would like to start by saying it is free .
The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
While conducting a needs analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation for learning English .
Through teamwork , students at varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students at different levels .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper and lower levels of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn at their own pace of learning .
It 's interesting to mention that there is a fashion for Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
I hope after reading my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options for travelling by public transport .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art in English .
At the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , which teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
I am sure that you will find Brazil a perfect fit .
Most of the biggest American companies have been in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier for you to find an internship .
Once again , there is no better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
There were a lot of visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help with communication .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered on a course .
After graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the older brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger .
Companies like Monsanto that engineer plants with sterile seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have on our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whom have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
Even just in cities , let alone travelling long distances .
The difference in work meetings between the British and French are that the British want to make decisions and the French like a debate way more , as is written in a guide to Franco - British business relationships .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same language and who are at the same level in their vocabulary .
It 's no use teaching French in schools , because the French only accept near native speakers .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer of 2010 .
At first , I found it an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
But it was n't enough . The fact of the matter was that I did n't realise that being self - employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience to the customers , it was so hard !
So I did n't mind working against time and for long hours .
When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work two shifts , at home and the shop .
I had just graduated from the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 'd sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a gap year before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective on life and will help them become more confident about what they really love .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst of criminality .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned into a means of communication and entertainment .
This is true in many respects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people through texting and social networks .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened for years .
Lots of children get their hair cut like their favourite football player 's , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act like their role models , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
When getting these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influence or flattery . And to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strength , age and so on .
Every time you use a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless of their age .
When you use a technique or defend against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work at the same time .
However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal for both adults and children .
I hoped that by handing over complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negotiation techniques .
The amount of talking done by the students was more than pleasing .
Giving the students the answers to the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , like the Coliseum or something else .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful in the rough areas .
Like the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others have simply slowly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
Without any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support you .
Curiously , you never know where you will find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe go to the same sports lessons as you or simply work in the same company .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction to something I 'd never eaten before .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check everything for blueberries .
What is the experience of learning another language like ?
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the official language of the countries where friends and relatives are living .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
At the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream ; work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light on the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and its darkest consequences .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , furry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew in the population .
I 'm also very good at first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too . I can do pretty much anything that you want me to . I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
I have just found cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient for all the facilities .
For example , what about going for some walks in the countryside or renting a bike ?
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk in the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
I would recommend 30 mins per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
I think this will be a very good experience for you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa for Korea .
It is the most popular place that people want to go to .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
During the interview , I realised the different ways I could use to get away if I were alone .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that option , left the interrogation room .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions than before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
I met him two years ago at a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep in my heart even if they are good or bad .
One of them was the day we went to a concert by our favourite DJ . We had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat from her face .
Her eyes gazed at his lips .
In conclusion , we should provide free books for our students .
I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other . He was doing his best , but in the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking , he looked at the young couple in front of him .
They walked in to find a man looking out of the window .
Of late , debates on news channels are the talk of the town where you get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see an end to the possibilities .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience of looking after children because I worked at a local summer camp last summer .
The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions of the characters .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside their roles .
An example of that is the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song by Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
Other good features are the costumes and the landscapes , which give the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biased against your paper due to such incidents .
Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance at the altar .
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating a man twenty years older than her .
Without a doubt , all parents want their children to be model citizens .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility for their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
I am writing with regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but at the same time hard to describe .
Unlock the door to a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them in their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
The course took place at the Training center in Regent Street , London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
Nowadays , many countries have ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention of constructing housing and transport networks to cater for the needs of people .
Because of the damage to farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause a decrease in people 's quality of life .
The damage to wildlife habitats has an affect on animals in a negative way .
Firstly , laws should be created to forbid some projects which cause massive problems for the environment .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people about the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
First of all , on the English course which I did at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
From my point of view , my writing has definitely improved since the beginning of this school year .
More words can be added to the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
This is because all people dream of a better future .
But most of us just from a distance ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
All those people who are living with this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There is always someone who you can count on among your family , friends or associates , but you must ask for help .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness on a very luxurious trip to New York .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause for businesses .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a threat to others , they should be stopped immediately .
It could be an example for other cities of how to help and conserve our planet .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck the whole society with many negative effects , drawing the attention of citizens to catastrophes .
A natural disaster such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand for cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature of approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , most greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Generally , the increase in temperature has resulted in a surge in hot days , and a decrease of cold days .
This will largely cause less soil water and precipitation .
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers resulting from the decrease in output .
This can lead to a loss of profits upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the areas , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
It was a sunny day in April .
He used to dream about him coming into his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threatening him with the most horrible punishments .
No doubt manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , consequently , it means that things of this colour will sell well .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours for some psychological reasons .
My friendship with Jessie started on the exciting first day of kindergarten .
It is generally accepted that television provides us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together current topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you should never take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or psychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in a useful way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intellectually or doing whatever you think can enrich your life .
I like to believe that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships on his path .
Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits in high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking along those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall from the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continued crawling on all fours while wondering , how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
This is clearly seen when driving along the road and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the road .
You should take a look at the things your children have within their reach .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , to a family of Ukrainian Tatars .
She graduated from high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time at the computer .
She graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas in practice .
It may sound weird or even wrong to some people , because there are many that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less in the behaviour of younger people ?
This might be of great influence on youngsters , because adults are seen as wiser people .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs in people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited over time .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity of the pollution cycle .
Despite the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you throw litter on the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to go in terms of environmental concerns , but some of these solutions suggested by the mayor help us stop the pollution .
If we do n't start to confront this problem , we will hurt this planet we live on .
To maintain the only earth we live on is now the major issue for us nowadays .
The advertised position is very appealing to me because I have always been fascinated by nutrition and natural therapies .
However , it is possible that along with new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
There are some downsides to an advanced world too . For example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of technological progress .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it seems to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the many stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . Therefore , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key to the future of the country and , to an extent , to the world .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are much dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
I consider myself to be ideally suited to this job for several reasons .
First of all , I have considerable experience of working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
When you hear you are asked to help out at a concert by your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with climate change , food shortages have become a significant problem facing many countries .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
40% of the girls read books for several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours surfing the Internet .
For example , 53% of the female students are online for more than 3 hours a day .
There is an obvious tendency towards a decline in active ways of spending free time .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see their photo in a newspaper , in which they 're eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect others ' privacy .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabloids .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting their signature to it .
It would be fair for celebrities .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleep disorders .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked by a crash of bipolar structure in international relations .
The American press had widely covered the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which had been spread across the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
Decisive actions by Yeltsin were supported by most world governments and international communities .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support from the military forces , failed three days later .
The figure of Boris Yeltsin became the most popular one at that time the in world 's press .
Leading articles in the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status through his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had known little about him .
The article in the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
The US citizen deemed the crisis a menace to the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it to be an actual barrier to the expression of the people 's will . "
The press underlined that many Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminded that this was still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party also became one of most popular issues in the American mass - media .
The US mass - media followed the reaction to the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles in the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " says that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened to music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
On the whole , I think that young people now have a wide variety of interests .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiate in the business market .
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to teach basic knowledge of mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person in the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and get out of poverty .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a need for teachers which would lead to many new job opportunities .
On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred for maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petrol .
Secondly , even if people have cars , they may also take public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land . There are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company and , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees for using the parking lot .
For the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could leave the keys at David 's house , which is in the same building .
There are about 14 workers in the shop , divided into 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you . It 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge of - personal finance .
Both of them are skills which help with managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Flying to different continents is easy nowadays but still expensive .
Its inhabitants get around exclusively in their own cars .
Towns are congested with traffic james , especially during rush hours .
Consequently , what are the reasons for my change of heart ?
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost in the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding time and being propelled into the past .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Concerning your inquiry about working in my country , it 's really difficult to get authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer for a work permit .
They both knew what would happen if Tris 's husband found a stranger in his house .
Second , people on boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean wildlife , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky because planes travel at such a high speed .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good at languages and so I 'm doing something I 'm naturally good at now .
I have experience of children 's Summer camps and I recently attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
I have no problem with being hired for three months because I do not go to university in the summer .
I have been volunteering for various similar projects .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students during my final year of study at Manchester .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill for being a leader .
He produces doors and windows in wood .
At the beginning , it was really difficult for me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while , I learned to ignore all of that !
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 'd been dreaming of for a long time .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
These kinds of websites allow people to interact with others directly via smartphones or computers .
Through Twitter , users post opinions or comments restricted to 140 characters .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not only for socialising but also for academic purposes , for example , to obtain benefits for their studies or to save time by discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
We discussed some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what society demands of people and I noticed a little sexism in him , but I was fine with that because that can happen . But due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick as the time passed .
For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , men just do not think about anything and can be like that for hours , just with a blank mind .
Women do not know their importance for the future in their own homes .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink whether those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , with time , became more than just a friendship ; they fell in love with each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out of his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
The fact that everyone from the community can participate in our events helps us to develop a positive relationship between the college and the community .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes from the cleaners . Everyone except Peter .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting on a comfortable sofa .
On the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the latest hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself through it .
Haji Lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques where you can find unique pieces by designers from Asia .
I love to listen to him talking - I love his voice .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumers ' behavior in a commercial aspect .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
In her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumped into her .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands in the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
Then you should take a decision about choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers , and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate their different skills in the language classroom .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degree in Primary Teaching and Psychology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is misbehavioral children .
We were cleaning for over 8 hours !
She swiftly came to my bed and gave me a letter .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifying gang in the village .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option for transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing pollution .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds while trying new things and having new experiences that will be useful later in their lives .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time is spent doing nothing and just passing the time as if it were a long vacation , but if it is used to have new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
I am currently taking exams for my English degree at the Ukraine National University .
I 'm studying a degree in Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps in the USA .
Before taking part in this course , my concept of mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to manufacture , durable and financially reliable .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept of mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design are purely just creating new products .
Therefore , my knowledge of mechanical design is rather limited .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water on producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and attract the attention of other group members .
Have you worked for international companies ?
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked for international companies , in both Spain and Venezuela .
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
Response : On a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its speed , but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but if the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue with water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries suffering from poverty .
It will examine responses including the recycling of water , the development of technology for purifying ocean water and multinational sharing of water resources .
In addition , developing the latest technology in purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Although over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
When you are sitting in the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hanging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid being cold because you are flying in the sky , above the clouds .
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use while acting .
The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
I would say , it does n't matter whether you are performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timbre of voice as if you 're acting your main character , embody all their traits and features appropriately to the situation .
Tourists can encounter difficulties such as a traffic jam .
There are some disadvantages to banning cars .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception of their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
Now the question is , whether it is really justified that branded products are much more expensive than no - name products .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust advertisements .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you make it even more simple by picking you up at the train station in my town .
Once you 're in the train station , go to where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right outside of the station waiting for you !
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential in any place .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help by preparing some sweets for children .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points out of 100 at both KET and PET .
English has also been my favorite language since I was a child . I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it got to focus on his book .
I imagine its streets crowded with workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam on this course would be on July 5th .
As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming strong competition since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion for persuasion and problem solving .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized in internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
During this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire court .
On the other hand , in recognition of my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Law with Great Honors in 2007 .
In the same year , I passed the strenuous Brazilian bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on internal and cross - border contracts .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence demanded , I specialized in Economic Law on a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled for a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Man has evolved over the years , from the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations for Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color . This is known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination of one race against another .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their opposition to the oppression they were suffering , and fighting to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
We are all equal in God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right to live a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
As usual , he decided to sit at the bar and order some fish and chips .
As they talked they came to realize that they had been working in offices which were very near for almost a year .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples of this .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can take breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
About the task that you asked me to do . Unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge of LIMS yet .
Of course , if you have any suggestions please tell me .
I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
Suppose we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand for a particular analysis .
Michael , however , made a living from his fights . At a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be attacked again .
His anxiety caught up with him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
I like the way you gave examples of how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself from sitting all day .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening for approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
The dark clouds in the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his weak desire to live .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used in our daily life .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction with her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years in both personal and professional capacities .
For all the above reasons , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position . I am sure he is the right person for your college .
That is why I think I am an authority on toy advertising .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them on the Internet .
I saw the advertisement for your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to find out more details .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because during that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
Each weightlifter gets three attempts at each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS TO OUR ENGLISH COURSE
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students for a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
There are also numerous complaints with regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to you as soon as possible .
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend on each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
Start by asking yourself which one you like the most ?
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
Just think about your future and your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
More students would be attracted if the school governors made some changes to the learning system .
Improvements to socialising opportunities
I 've seen a couple of advertisements for English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up in the supermarket .
While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations towards God . . .
I always go to have a pizza at a restaurant near my house . "
The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him in the restaurant talking to some guest .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility , both in the big cities and in the countryside .
It 's because of that we need to improve our mobility and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve our goals more efficiently .
The time at university is the most important time in our lives , because we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion between professor and student . Others may disagree .
For instance , a year back , I was at North Texas university in the USA . There was a health management and policy class with almost no lectures but with a lot of time for open discussions .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am very experienced at serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
I love serving customers and dealing with different and complex situations .
He stared at the clock hanging on the wall and frowned .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people with different lifestyles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
If we have not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering society .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be acquired by children in order to live in society .
If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time by yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not with my skin but with my heart .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the right choice .
We raised € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
We would like to say thank you for your presence at the event . We are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program . We are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
It is equally cruel , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave like femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
Nature is also change , but in a cyclical direction , and with a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
Shopping is very important to people .
Everyone must be accepted and integrate into a specific society .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standards of living for those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of more economically developed countries .
" I realized this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked his colleagues in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood . Incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted into holy blood at the church .
Usually my eating habits are similar to most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 . I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
He was always doing things for them or for anyone who asked him .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieving sustainable development , peace and democracy .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close to their families as they used to be and mostly they are further apart from their parents .
A friend will stay on and listen to you with patience .
Although several causes of this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel has been invented but is used only by criminal organizations who send those they want killed into the past , where a professional killer , a looper , is waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
The normal response to this conclusion is , like I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
Like any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and causes harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective ways of becoming talented at something can be adopted , before the popular beliefs take our motivation and self - belief away .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change residence .
Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation in the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
People who participated in that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or anyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people are really nice . Or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay . You will see some of the most popular places in this beautiful country .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar with using English as a classroom language .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brainstorm from day 1 , and then it continues with the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils ' minds of their new knowledge .
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect on their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
In this class , there are strong wishes for certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils ' motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests on this course .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open to visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you are trying to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections from the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
One of the reasons is that they are poor because they can not get a job .
Homeless people tend to be unable to gather information because of lack of means to do it .
Then , he got to know that there was a class that provides homeless people with skills for cleaning floors for free .
He also learned how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his colleagues .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , whereas others believe deforestation has a greater impact on our world .
And each time it happened , Cecilia burst into tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
It took him three days to calm down and put things into perspective .
When employees face any problems or difficulties at work , they must refer to the theory that explains this phenomenon . Without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties . For instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Moreover , studying at a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
In that case , the choice of public transport will be preferable .
At the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan to resolve legal cases and disputes .
The strongest allegation about the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution of a variety of its rules and regulations .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally has its roots in Baloch culture and has been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise materials , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree in European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
My duties included checking guests in and out , planning and organizing group arrivals , assisting with cash advances , exchanging money , checking guest folios and giving commercial information to customers .
In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking about individual client needs .
I would be grateful if you could attend to this matter as soon as possible .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect them to achieve .
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : Cornwall .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued at £ 2000 was broken .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , he automatically put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived at the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying loudly .
