It 's difficult to answer the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask you to be friends and exchange telephone numbers .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been on and the place I visited was Agra .
We stopped at hotels to have food and just in case any of us felt hungry , we purchased some snacks just before the trip .
For the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . Also , I organized many sports activities before at my school .
Volleyball is a sport that is played everywhere . When I am on the beach I like playing with my sister in the sand and then we go in the sea .
How are you ? I 'm writing to give you some advice on travelling and working in my country .
But , if you want , I will look for a job for you .
My best friend if looking for a responsible person to look after her sister .
Also , people need not suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
In a car , we can just be by ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unknown , but if we choose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both modes of transport are good , and cars do n't need necessarily to bring an end to public transport .
In my community , we are very interested in the environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points in the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage into organic , paper and cardboard , cans and plastic bottles and they also give talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , pollution , etc .
My favorite sport is football . Why do I choose it ? Well , football is an international sport . People around the world love it so much ! Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
After some years at university he met a girl called Kate and he fell in love with her and she fell in love with him .
Michael and Kate were so happy , until one day Michael told her about his dream of being a super hero . Kate got so agitated , saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming and that would never happen and that super heroes did n't exist .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
There is n't any comparison with watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the route that you are taking and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation is one of the most important things in life , so we have many of kinds of transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future there will be other comfortable and easy ways to travel , like fast trains and planes that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make businessmen happy and comfortable , because of saving a lot of time and effort , so we hope that the government can achieve this as soon as possible .
In modern societies , there are lots of friends in our daily lives .
First of all , we can learn lots of skills from parents based on their own experience .
If difficulties are shared with family members , ideas will come up to your family members and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
I went to the abandoned house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . I spent the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer .
As I did n't find anything , I went to the place where he lived and started to look for some information about his life and find people who he cared about . So as I continued to go to his house , I noticed he would always go to the same house , s I decided to follow him to the house and I found out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfriend , so I finally got an idea . I would drive him crazy just as he did me . That way she would think he had problems with his mind and leave him . But soon i thought about it again and realized that if I did that she would try to help him and they will be more united , so I decided to drive them both crazy , almost to the brink of death , just as he did with me !
I screamed . My anger had dominated my mind . I did n't have any control over my actions . I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control myself and the only thing I could think of was him suffering a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge . The best revenge .
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and greater . I had made a decision and I was going to do it . If he dedicated 4 years of his life to torturing me and not wanting me to be happy , the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life and I wo n't stop until I have accomplished my goal .
When I watch football on television I dream of playing in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays . For me , he is the best player in the world . That is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball in 2014 .
I play football for a Portuguese club called Valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream of winning a lot of leagues in football and winning the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I always smile at people .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
To summarise , it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that in the end , cars will disappear and will no longer be used .
A large scale of investment was brought to biofuel development .
If you live in a big town or a small one , it does n't matter , but one thing that should be taken care of by the people and organisers of the town , is the environment .
However , we , the people , play a really important part in making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment for their people .
Recycling items can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taken care of by my city .
In conclusion , I would suggest our neighbour cities take part in cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
At our school or village football stadium I spend a lot of time every day .
Also , I attended a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't suffer from a shortage of demand .
In Taiwan , many people have to take care of their parents when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survive ? I mean , you do n't have enough money to look after your parent .
Back to the topic . I do n't know any of the members of my family well . I do n't trust them , to be honest .
That 's why I recommend all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their food .
Although the council began to plan something , the people are n't committed to the problem .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important to me .
In those years , I went through the worst moments of my life .
At that moment , I thought that my best friends were my parents and sister .
He is the most important person in my life .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I have been working as a primary teacher in a school and I am qualified .
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
Despite the fact that personal vehicles like the car are now popular , in the future , the existence of public transport will still be absolutely crucial .
People will realise that using their own car is just wasting their time in traffic jams or gradually killing themselves by breathing polluted air .
In conclusion , investments in developing public transport will be increased considerably . Public transport services have a bright future and their existence in the future ca n't be replaced .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The cause of brain - drain should be tackled at international and national levels on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , because it is a global issue .
Sometimes we go to partyies in the city . I dance at the parties with my friends .
Jose is the best singer . He sings and talks at the party .
At the moment I go to a secondary modern school .
Her eyes look like the sun .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
On the other hand , with public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use breaks down , it is n't your responsibility .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situations , but it could be annoying to search for parking spaces and because of the cost of fuel , and also maintenance costs .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's good feedback from people .
Tom said to her about another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk to him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people , so the boys started their adventure with stopping Injuin Joe ...
So he went back to Sarah 's house and cleaned the whole bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like that , so before Michael entered the bathroom she said : " I know what you left there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I do n't have friends who like swimming . Most like football or similar team sports , so I always go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because nobody bothers me and I do n't have to wait for anybody .
Luckily , the operation was fine and she stopped coming with me , and since that day , I go on my own .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
I think that dance is a means of self - expression .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
The temperature will have become crazy because of global warming , so some people will die because natural disasters will be more aggressive .
Technology will have advanced and maybe cars will fly above streets and computers will have totally changed .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , volleyball , one of the most beautiful sports ever and I have been playing this sport 3 times a week since 1980 . The reasons for my enjoyment of this sport are as follows :
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
public transportation . Day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future for public transportation .
First , I agree with the given statement that there will be a tough time for public transportation in the near future , because people want privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible on public transportation .
which play an important role in giving tough competition to the government . As a result of this , the consumer gets more benefits , like lower fairs , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . In addition , many automobile companies launch new cars at affordable prices , which encourages people to use more and more private vehicles .
At peak time , the park is very busy even though the park is huge !
Family is the most important institution in society .
Every member has his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , has to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have in life .
Usually there are generational problems ; sons do n't understand parents and vice versa , but by talking and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits to social behaviour , but also must listen to other points of view to rearrange and update their knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone makes his contribution to family duties .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because it 's very similar to the story of the book . This is one of the first movies that is really based on the book . The theme is very unique and original . Also , the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will make double the effort .
It will be very cool to see the last part of Mokingjay !
Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Nowadays , we use technology for everything , from education to making clothes . We use technology every day and everywhere .
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register for the competition .
He took the money the next day , he finished the registration and started writing the story . After spending a long time writing and doing a good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office . He found out there was a notice on the door saying that the competition was canceled . He came back very sad and told me what had happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't much more convenient unless it is much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the pollution of our planet .
I am writing about a problem in my city .
I live in Patras , a big city in Greece .
In my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are covered in drawings and writing .
Unfortunately , when we tell somebody not to draw on the walls , they do not hear us .
Patras is a very beautiful city both because of its culture , and because of its monuments .
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
I hope you will do something about that problem .
What they will do in future they see as in a fog .
Secondly , such a year off would give future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional spheres .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places in the village .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be great if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer on this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would cost for all the different options ?
I believe that there is no future for public transport , using trains is more convenient and less expensive , so to decrease the carbon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware of the effect of using public transportation on the economy and environment . Governments should encourage people to use other modes of transport . This subject should be issuesd in all media to teach and encourage people to use the right mode of transport .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
Another day , I walked a lot and at the end of the walk , we found a waterfall .
The wedding was in the morning , and in the afternoon we ate in a restaurant with other people .
That 's a good phenomenon , because English is essential nowadays .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior to Chinese .
English does help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about the true China .
Because if we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our own culture through a foreign language ?
Last month I was at a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
In my opinion , the restaurant could be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect for having dinner with your friends .
The problem with the restaurant is the location . It is far from people and cities , and the space , which is very small for lots of people .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
In In addition , all people have the right to privacy and to be free .
So politicians and film stars will have to put up with it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have a reward in what they earn .
Get onto the bus .
Let me enter your cabin .
Once upon a time , there was a little ant called Penny . He was really small compared with the others .
It was a dark night and it was raining when a big volcanic eruption buried them underground .
By dawn all of them had got out , so they sacred until they found a refuge .
As they were very religious ants , they prayed to their sacred ancestors so they could help them with the problem .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
At that moment , the ants and Penny attacked them from behind , making them leave the place .
Basketball has many benefits , not just for me but also for everyone .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to humans and animals .
In light of the problems mentioned above , there are various approaches that governments should adopt to deal with this problem . First of all , reducing building construction from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Nowadays in developed cities there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . These options are more economical than the car . The problem with the car is that , normally , the car is occupied by one person , when the car is designed to carry four or five people .
This situation creates a lot of pollution for the environment , so we have to be more concerned about the planet 's health .
I want to say something about learning the English language . It is hard for me for the following reasons :
I am enthusiastic about this game .
My favourite team is India because I am from this country .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
I love this game because my favourite sportsman plays this game .
If you want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , batsmen need concentration on leg and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination . Discover some shots which have become key factors in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best players , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
It 's great to hear you are going to visit my country .
I am looking forward to this .
If you want to travel around this city , I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make people who swim feel cool when it is a hot day .
I do n't have problems with working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I tell you that my parents have a bar .
Travelling in your own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride on public transportation . There are several reason to consider .
Last but not least , mineral extraction will turn out to have a profound effect , especially , on our offspring .
In addition , she has no happy memories of her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunities that it might bring us .
I do n't agree with it , especially while cars are not flying .
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete . We apologize for the inconvenience .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
I have 3 siblings in my family who take care of me all the time when my parents are busy with their jobs .
At school , I like to play volleyball and I 'm an excellent player .
With reference to the above , I would like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that contemporary art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based on their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the time this is unintelligible .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground on 12th and 13th November .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I competed in the 100-metre race .
The teacher called my name twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
Before the race , I was very nervous .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the inter - class relay race .
I hope my house will win the championship next year .
We should use public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is commonly debated that tourism has greatly influenced not only the aspects of a country , but of the whole world .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact on our lives , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Alongside its development , the ability to travel has become easier to such an extent that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as to the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not just a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences transport . How ? people become more careful at their historical sites , thereby preserving them . Transport is developed both on a small and a large scale .
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently .
On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
The 3 daughters were so different to each other .
The first one was named Amanda Junior , after her mom , but she was a cheetah . She was 9 years old and she loved to run and she was the fastest in the family and had a lot of spots .
One day , the animals went to Ana and gave her an incentive to be an athlete or do something other than sleeping .
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I was on the bus returning home I read a newspaper with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect for someone who wants to live there for only a year .
Write to me soon
I think that you should give up your music classes .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
Then I revised Maths at home before going to school , as at school , before beginning the exam .
Congratulations from your sister on your prize .
That is the story of why I go snowboarding .
Yesterday , he was on his way home and it was getting dark .
The problem was , the last thing she remembered was that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened because of the wind .
If she did , how did she manage to walk there in her sleep ?
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various options , like planes that can fly in the clouds , trains that are fast and big enough to carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and boats that are much bigger and faster than in ancient times .
However , if I am given the option to choose between all three , I would say plane .
In conclusion , I will say that the plane will be my first choice out of all three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort , which make the plane my first choice .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was on the beach all afternoon .
There were a lot of people on the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand on the beach .
I think that it all depends on the development .
Yes , I agree , if you planned the journey for a faraway destination and for a long time you would prefer to do it by car , because , firstly , you 'll spend less time , your journey will be comfortable , you 'll have the possibility to stop any where and for a long time , as you need to .
I think that this is the question for everyone , and there ca n't be one answer for all , because one person can use public transport , and save in this way not only money , but the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . because they spend more time travelling or they simply do n't like to travel with other people .
So , in my opinion , even in 10 years , public transport will be passing on our streets with a reasonable number of passengers .
guide people and give them information , details and guidelines about pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant . It 's name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food to other restaurants . I like crispy chicken with garlic sauce . It 's an excellent choice for me . And my favorite appetizer is sausage and in order that dessert I like " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music while having lunch . About the service : it 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That would drive me nuts . I advise everyone to go there and enjoy their time there . Also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . The striking thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am playing with my team , I am in another world in which I can be free and happy . Apart from this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distraction from university .
On weekdays , I get out of my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which starts at 9 AM .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
Public transport is usually restricted because of the timetables and you can only use transport at the time that the timetable lets you .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is less than using your own car .
I haven't written to you for ages because I was very busy because of the exams at University .
What about you ? What 's new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization of a concert which was held last month .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
There are ads on TV , on the radio , on buses , on the streets ...
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we watch has a lot of mentions of products or services .
TV is the most accessible means of communication and people can see the messages in this way .
To sum up , there are a lot of ads on TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay in the sun because you end up being burnt by the sun .
During summer I love to go to the beach and go sunbathing with my friends as well as having fun with them playing volleyball or running in the water of the sea !
The wonderful colours of flowers in the sunshine are fabulous .
I have some experience working with children of all ages , and I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient . Therefore , I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily to any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
It was really important to him because he had been training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he had n't achieved anything .
She dreamt of being his wife .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose a large amount of pleasure in enjoying the water , either in the sea or in a pool .
Your efforts will be rewarded with success , and you can get it through practice .
As our town is well - known for our magnificent beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign and local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing at the beach or canoeing and waterskiing on the Olympic Canal .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities on the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to get to Salou .
You will come into Reus airport , right ?
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and to go clubbing with you .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
I look forward to a prompt response from your company .
Today , globalization is bringing the world closer together . That means that there are more possibilities to have contact with other cultures , for example through literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive in different ways , so if you have the possibility of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad points and good points of the users ' opinions of the Active Leisure Club recently .
With the purpose of attracting more people to join the club , besides its good points , I would highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid problems .
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures for making bank notes .
After that comes the most significant stage ; that is , inspecting the quality of the printed sheets .
Everything began a few years ago , when Alfred , the Mayor , read an article about the importance of the surroundings to the health and happiness of people .
He started to think about how he could improve our lives and he found a solution .
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
In general , I had only one duty , and that was checking the guest list . On top of that , I had to help with cleaning the area after the concert .
But that concert was worth my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did at your branch in Madrid last month .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
I believe that work is everything and experience can work miracles in our lives , so I chose this program because I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
One of my goals in life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I learnt from research that you can do everything at any time . In addition , a little tired can change life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is to travel to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for community service and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I have learnt .
Most people today realize that in our cities and on our planet there is an increasing problem of space and pollution .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow by a staggering 3 billion human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with their own small private helicopter .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention to the teacher , while the teacher asks for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they studied last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying , partly because , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because the long vacation will get students used to having fun instead of studying , and partly because some difficult courses should be continually studied .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
Next would be , students get used to relaxing because of having no study and homework in the long vacation .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention to the teacher .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am on the playing field I forget all problems .
During the flight I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
We went by car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally , we arrived at Niagara Falls , which looks like a ghost town .
I was amazed at how huge the falls were .
In conclusion , I had a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visited awesome places like Niagara Falls and Time Square , received a lot of presents and , especially , ate a lot of delicious food .
Most students attending universities are away from the city where they used to live , so , they need accommodation to live in throughout their studies .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as shared rooms and dormitories for their students to lower the costs , because most students have a low income .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a room with a friend for a few months during a course outside my country . Those days were the worst in my life ; he was dirty , spoke loudly all the time and did not share the budget for food . Living alone will grant me the freedom to live in the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . This is not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The strength of federalism , which gives more liberty to states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , when it may create some conflicts between states .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government lets each state function independently , it still controls the main decisions .
Also , the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal government blame each other for the increase in unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which gives freedom and power , causes many problems , such as no single policy and confusion over responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get along with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead of criticising the spicy flavour .
People say that on every journey people suffer at different moments of the trip : arrive , get away from the frustration of an unknown place , get along with your travel companion , succeed as a traveler and arrive home triumphant .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lot of tasty dishes from different states in the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that do n't like spicy food , and also , most of the time , could get angry about the excessive amount of pepper that the Mexican people usually use to prepare their food .
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced face - to - face communication .
This essay will focus on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment the on potential future of these implications .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities of friends , making observations about relationships , maintaining one 's own feelings within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their common interests via the social network .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friends to respond or pay attention to what they are doing .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous harassment of a woman by a man called Mr .
The possible outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the fewer communicative skills they have .
In conclusion , the benefits of using Facebook and Twitter are that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Possibly , users might express aggression towards each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photographs are included on all of those sites .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques at the moment of taking a picture should be considered , like learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and need to be developed in the education system to the same level .
This increase is related to the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
Through all my life I have wanted to improve at this sport and since 2010 it has become a lifestyle to me .
I think the government should reduce the fares on public transportation . That could make people use public transportation and protect the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent global warming .
In Coslada , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
The proceeds are given to several organizations which take care of the environment .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree on this .
Egypt is a kind of river civilization in the huge Sahara desert .
Furthermore , the rise in the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off from the red soil of the desert .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year into three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using public transport .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
Moreover , I think that providing seats for elderly people is also a problem .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services for an international bank , in the mass market and small business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition of the advice to the signing of contracts , building and maintaining after - sales relationships in the interest of customer satisfaction
I worked for several years on the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got a rescue licence . I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
But other people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact that they are drivers at the moment .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing at the international level . If you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value to your profile and you can get a higher salary .
I managed to win many competitions in this country and abroad .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , it would provide me with new knowledge .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave this condition during holidays .
During holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can spend more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations in their lives .
For example , walking by the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experiences in life .
People can review their decisions during holidays more accurately and helpfully .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions about their future .
It can be clearly seen that during holidays people get closer and they remember their feelings .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray to God and it is a relief for people .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that lead to a stressful life .
Also , holidays are very helpful days to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to get away from modern life , which is full of material subjects .
On the one hand , there are many benefits to cycling .
From my point of view , cycling contributes to improving community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausted , especially over a long distance .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering diseases and saves lives .
I can be contacted for a meeting at the above address .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart was pounding because I was worried about Winnie .
In my opinion , the house of the future will be better .
Swimming as a sport is very useful for weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight . It is also the best sport for asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
I enjoyed helping at the concert in Antaya in October .
I had a great time with people working as a helper at the concert .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but at the same time , they are just concerned about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting parts of my experience .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
During the concert , I was really worried that something would happen suddenly .
I 'm sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca on my computer or mobile at home , on my way to work the ads on the buses I see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an ad from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertising might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed in the wrong spot or shown at the wrong time , they lose their artistic side .
Though I am a beginner at it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
If you are a beginner at tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable racket first .
Do we have enough choices on the screen ?
An explosion of channels arrived in our houses in the eighties .
Despite changing channels , we see the same news .
From several trips to many countries I have made so far , I would say that I already have some experience of travelling around the word .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible . I mean , not only the English language but also to find out more about your culture and visit nice places in your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip on my own , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Can you give me a hand with that ?
First of all , you should go out of the airport terminal .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi because the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to cook food . For these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somewhere where they do home - made food , and a good idea for the main course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
I can not say what they are like because you have to taste them .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile on your face .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Public transport is even good for our environment compared to cars .
But all these factors are not important to me .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
Her mum could n't refuse her , so she bought it .
Just because I do n't have one of my gloves ? But you did it again ! '' she screamed .
Like other sports , tennis is getting more modern , faster and more commercial .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps physical health and so on .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement for the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested in working with you .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money on it and you will not be guaranteed to achieve your goals at all , so it could become a real nightmare if you do not focus on your learning tasks .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to at the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually go there .
On one hand , becoming a public figure is associated with journalists , mass - media , flashes .
On the other hand , many stars sell their privacy to earn more and more money .
It has always been very useful since a long time ago . Nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if public transport was suppressed , society would save a lot of money .
Finally , the last reason is convenience , because if you have a car , it is so difficult to find a parking space in the centre of the city .
Take the example of mobile technology . Your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months of buying it .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made through technology .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people 50 years hence is rather difficult .
As you requested , I attach it to this letter .
The same with my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me to talk about their health .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve for the future .
Friends do not have to agree with everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
Some people think that we need tablet computers instead of books
Sometimes , when I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful in our life . It seem to me to be good opportunities to make our life easier .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil can not say that he forgot a book because he has all his books on his tablet computer .
In conclusion , I want to say that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong when she told him that she was pregnant .
He knew that she loved him as much as he loved her , but everything was just all wrong at this moment .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , you can go shopping .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to preserve and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness of the importance of reasonable use of it .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one at home , just me .
I got a bit scared , so I searched for them outside in the streets .
I did n't know that a bomb had hit the city and killed almost everyone . Now I had to find my parents .
Finally , after some days , I found some neighbors with some food . I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
I think that someone was stealing some of the food in the night while everybody was sleeping .
The next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico do n't do any type of exercise ? This is a big problem for our society and is the number 1 problem of why Mexico is the country with the most obese people in the world .
Doing exercise is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life . While you exercise you feel well in yourself and in your body .
Is there no future for public transport because travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
Finally , many developed countries in the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jams have decreased .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting the occasion .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her for other things about her .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters . People usually tend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If I was having a day off to go to the doctor 's , I would prevent other people asking for details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run .
Last Friday , Michael and I were at school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
I am not very good at cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate to that .
We started our journey and went into the forest . There were a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for keep going . I was seeing my little group diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants I was the only one that had no problems with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether it is better to help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . While I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was the familiar body of someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we ran into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
If you like shopping , in the outskirts of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and beyond .
As in all industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is provided almost for each area and each building .
To my mind , they do not believe celebrities are normal people like everyone of us , only with more money in bank bank accounts
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books by this world famous author .
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves against the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and looking for an exit out of this place .
Especially in spring , there are a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
They have been present in our societies for ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known to all of us .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes an addiction that can destroy our lives .
But we have to be responsible and be very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to impose limits on themselves .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name on it .
I am very worried about the town where I am living because everybody in this town is not bothered about the rubbish things they do every day .
They are very casual about the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip about others , not doing anything for the improvement of their own town .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience of service , costumer care and working long hours .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than travelling in a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
The traffic can affect cars and buses to the same extent .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed a relaxing day at the festival .
All I was asked to do the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to get into this school , even though I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Puerquitour : A great experience for your mouth .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
I arrived in Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
The first day started on an important date … Taco Day !
Because Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
The third day was one of my favourites . The place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like in the 50s .
Almost a week into the Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate the final test of Magda , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get a Master 's Degree , and a farewell to Vicente , who is already in the USA , and that I was going to the UK .
Because we like food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar because of all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed , so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
Besides this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent child .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech on just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imagining his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
Besides this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive towards her little brother .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk in short and simple sentences .
The marsh pointed in the first chapter is a good example .
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip on an unwanted adventure that will make him grow up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , in the graveyard .
Last summer I went on holiday to Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
But I changed my mind when I heard on the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the time I thought they were making a video .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult to decide what to order .
I thoroughly recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food at even better value .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which showed a stable increase from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
In the course of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris at the beginning of September .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program on the disposal problem . "
Another important one is " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city by 150% over the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
The increase in green areas represents a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fulfils 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related to what you want to study .
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here are some tips on how to do it .
Yet , often , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership of other people 's mistakes .
From my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
The plan required my commitment for around 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
Because of the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
I had insomnia the night before my exam . It was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got into tatters and that affected my scores tremendously .
If you do n't start studying before the exam at an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad outlines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
Because I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim for ?
It is a city that keeps its history through : amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival . On this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbors . Through their traditional dance , called " La Marinera " . They also keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros . Their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example of their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
Additionally , if you open a savings account with that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first savings account with the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get to the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was at sound recording .
It 's been my dream since childhood and I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought of me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I can hardly wait to see you and to share my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
I am planning to gain admission at the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission to one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school in a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to do some research on Czech Republic before taking any step towards applying .
Above all , the high quality of education will make me ready for the future .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile to people 's faces .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk in my room .
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left for Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , which made me feel really depressed .
Currently I am working for a as an editor .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to see in homeschooling a solution to their children 's education .
Built from recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which are more and more popular , even these days .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
It consists of a mixture of three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four - star hotel for 2 and a half months in Badajoz .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have pre - intermediate level Italian as well .
You may contact me at f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
I am mostly also interested in pursuing my PhD in Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research into the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs in the treatment of several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
Well , it depends .... When you travel in your own car you are independent .
It allows you to see much more at your own pace .
And if the environment is important to you , just think about the pollution .
How does the author create a world of horror for his readers ?
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
Then comes the sound , the heartbeats .
In my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that pushes the whole story to the climax .
The first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The sharp contrast of the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Most celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision about whether they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and fun environment .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served to us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
So I should be back jumping around in no time :) .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it had n't been for the limitations of my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be reached - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences in the future .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes like the rise in temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers climate change to be one of the greatest problems in politics nowadays , due to its consequences for the economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed at the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a model for other countries .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters like flooding , heatwaves , water shortages and loss of harvests .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat to this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and an issue for the UN summit in Paris .
Another advantage for a site to being inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments of heritage preservation .
The disadvantages of sites not included on the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover , they remain on the list of sites in danger without receiving assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not meet the ten criteria , should be protect by UNESCO .
It 's my first passion and I have been following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
I started playing cricket in my early childhood .
It 's about a teen couple who are dying of cancer , and they have different ways of thinking about life and death .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an excuse for some country to declare war on another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have their roots in much older times .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots in events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots in a past conflict that may well have happened already .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks . It always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off . What do you think about coming with us from the 1st August to the 15th ?
It is an important place for history because it is the oldest Grand Place in Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and tall buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge of English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
This awful fog is composed of our uncontrolled emotions .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of agreement , because in the end we do n't only feel anger towards , them but also a lot of love .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feeling , like love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown in our small village .
It is important to stay on the beach until the sun goes down .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport in most countries in the world . However , it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses among their ranks .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in . There will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks for little or no reason .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually led away from l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Even if today it made laws that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons about Europe must increase .
Britain , although small , is more often than not at the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services . This would get people off the roads and onto the trains .
The train and bus companies have to liaise with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less than it would cost to go by car .
The biggest worry for the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Public transport is the obvious solution to the increase in the population . If it is made cheap for commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselves in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that we travel in such a .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas previously they where subsidised to make up the loss . Now the private companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service . Unfortunately , the public seem to be apathetic towards this idea .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport at which Britain can still hold its head high .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controversy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students at mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers . It is that they can do the work of men .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist at the forefront of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
I think the royal family and the monarchy is a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world . The UK is known for its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair to help her to have children .
This idea is extremely beneficial because married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful are able to have children .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in some places banned the sale or import of British beef because of fears about it s safety .
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
As a result , they may have to diversify into other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
In the 1920s in America , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest on their investments .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracy .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed for a man versus a woman doing the same job .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward by modern standards , the problem still exists .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
For example , there is more stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
Despite advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
People should learn more about the ramifications of what they are doing .
In either case , whether computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it s center has changed the size of the world , and communication between the countries within it .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to receive first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coups d'etat or civil wars .
Decisions about governmental autonomy are being made based on that night 's news CNN commentator .
People are concerned about nuclear weapons .
People have also become concerned about nature .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned about .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , with the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents without altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program on my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program on his computer and is able to buy online tickets without leaving the house and moreover without picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
But , without the use of computers , I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town to all the way to Beijing - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations .
A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person than it would be to ask a favor of the person .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight into other cultures we would otherwise never know .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference . This literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance of the diversity of our country .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree about its effects on children .
