It 's difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
Also , you 'll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
I love children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
How are you ? I 'm writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
In my community , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
He cried with a lot blood around .
There is n't comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern societies , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
First of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I always simle to people .
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
A large scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Active and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
On our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
Also , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
Although the Council began to plan something , the people are n't committed with the problem .
When I was a child , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
In there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
He is the most important people of my life .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
For the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
People will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
Jose is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
In the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
Her eyes looks as the sun .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I think that dance is a way for self - expression .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
2- classy game no friction between players
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Family is the most important institution of social life .
Every member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
A mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
It will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
Training Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by car is n't so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n't think about the contamination in our planet .
I am writing about a problem at my city .
I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
Patras is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
I hope you will do something for that problem .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Secondly , I do n't live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
I stayed about one week in the home my boyfriend .
The other day , I walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
The wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
That 's a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
So that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
Get in to the bus .
Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
It was a dark night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I want to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
I am enthusiastic towards this game .
My favourite team is India because I belongs to this country .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
I love this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
It 's glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
Also I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Travelling in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation.there are several reason to consider .
Last but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
In addition , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
One problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
I do n't believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
During my school , I like to play volleyball and i 'm an excellent player .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
It is well known that many Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
Near the race , I was very nervous .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
I hope my house will get the champion in the next year .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
Alongside with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
Maybe I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
Write me soon
I think that you should give up from your music classes .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
That was the story why I go snowboarding .
Yesterday , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
The problem is the last thing she remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
If she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
However , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
In conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
The reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
I had a wonderful day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
There are a lot of people in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could n't swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
i think that it all depands from the development .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
guide the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
Public transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
By the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
So I was there something like staff .
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
The TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
During summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , besides I do n't mind hard work and I learn quickly .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
It was really importatnt for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements .
She was dreaming about being his wife .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
I 'm writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
I 'd like to visit museums , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
I expect a prompt response of the Company .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Local authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
I 'm writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine Port - Said University .
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
Next to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
In the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
We went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
I was amazed of how huge were the falls .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
In spite all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
Also , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
People say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Mexican food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
Firstly , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Knowledge about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
In conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Possibly , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
However , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
Both skills are required in today 's world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
Through all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
All historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Furthermore , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
Travelling through car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Moreover , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
In addition to this , people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
In holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For example , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experinces about life .
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
At the same time , people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
They can pray for God and it gives a relief for people .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
On the one hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
In my point of view , Cycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
When the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
I enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
I want explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
I''m sure that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
Do we have enough choices in the screen ?
An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
With several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
First of all , you should get outside of the airport terminal .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I can not say how they are because you have to taste them .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
but all these factors are not important for me .
To sum up , I 'd like to say reading is really great thing .
Her mum could n't deny to her , so she bought it .
Just because I do n't have one if my gloves?But you did it again!''she screamed .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
Children should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
My name is Andrea Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I 'm interested to work with you .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
In one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
As you requested , I attach it in this mail .
The same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
Finally , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
This day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
As a result , our water resources are difficult to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people 's awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
Finally , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
Last Friday , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
Like all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
The people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
They have been present in our societies since ever .
Cannabis , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
The real problem comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
In that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
At first , I had observed the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
they are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I have worked one year in London as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
So I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In my case , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouth .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
The first day started in an important date … Taco Day !
Due to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Almost a week in the Puerquitour .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
Beside this , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
Beside this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
The marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
Probably , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
Unexpectedly , the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
My only complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
Another important one is the " Let 's make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150% during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
In my personal experience , I believe that it 's much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
If you do n't start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
Since I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
Do n't you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Additionally , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n't need to pay any annual charges .
I could n't believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
It 's been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor 's degree .
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
After I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
Above all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
My mother had written me after months !
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
In my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
You may contact me through f8HJ2suL@alumnos.abcd.es or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
It allows you to see much more in your pace .
And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Then comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
To my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
In the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Most of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
Summarizing , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
So I should be back on jumping around in no time :) .
* Sorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office 's Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
She stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Although the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they ca n't protect them for risks .
Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
It 's my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
I started playing cricket since my early childhood .
It 's about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
Along the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
It 's not the usual love they 're used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it 's a new kind of love .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
First of all , I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village .
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
Britain , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Apart from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
This idea is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
Wether they switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
As a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
In the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
The answer this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Women have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the feminists .
Although " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaded .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
Though advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
In either case , if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people 's lives .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
People are concerned with nuclear weapons .
People have also become concerned with nature .
The ideas above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My father has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Also , I realize that my experience w/ computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
A current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
All these examples ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Television violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
