First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
We have no facilities like other countries .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
I went to the beach . We loved it .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
some people who ca n't live without it .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
I literally feel stronger after every time I run .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
Be careful and choose well .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
Thank you in advance for the information .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
I respect him so much and admire him also .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
My name is Shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
Maybe so many people like it because there are so many services with it .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Red Square is the most popular sight in the capital of Russia .
It is a language that many people speak and know .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
It is difficult to go to an unknown place with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world had only one language it would be better .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was dealing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had tried my best .
When I 'm walking , it can refresh me all the time and makes me feel good .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks for my education , but do I not have the ability to work in real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
We must get rid of the stress quickly before we lose ourselves , because it 's very harmful . For example , you can read a book , do sport , play music , eat delicious food , remember all the positive things that have happened to you , talk with someone who you trust , get rid of everything that makes you upset and makes your life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best friends , and there are a lot of things you can do ...
After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
When people need to travel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , which is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because they have to cross oceans and complicated distances that have different landforms .
Consequently , you can be robbed or get sick .
After 4 hours sitting on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and I went to the hotel .
It helps us in many different ways . If we have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
All villages have a bus stop where the bus stops to pick up or drop off passengers .
Day by day , the country is developing more and more . Nowadays , we have trains .
It will better if we have public transport .
If that is not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
They always keep the rubbish and dust in a plastic bag and then they throw it in the dustbin .
I think it is important that , not only in the family , but also in school , we could raise a new generation sensitive to the ecological problems of the earth .
He had already asked all the family about this , nobody had n't idea what would be good enough .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of him .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
Then , the notes will be prepared on metal plates . After that , printing . The notes will be printed in colour on both sides with special ink and they will have slightly raised images .
The people are very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot if you worked here .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worse , it depends on you to choose the best thing that can help you .
Every day they prove they are the people who care about me .
Through listening to music , you can express your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
That makes them happy and additionally makes loud .
Usually , they watch crime series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
but I did n't have to do anything . A team took on me when I was 11 years old .
And I think that it 's not technology that will change , but the people and their characters .
For example , now high - heeled shoes are very trendy but they cost a lot and most women do n't look good in them .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day . In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a Spanish selection coach . When I finished I went with my parents to a hotel to eat and spend time with some friends . After the food . we met up with friends of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode on a roller coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream . It was delicious . In the evening , we went to a Spanish basketball league game , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match beat the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
When I find myself in London , I 'll go to Buckingham Palace , which is located in the City of Westminster and I 'll visit your art gallery and tourist attractions of the British monarchy .
Because of that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
Many people get to their work late .
Further to the trade fair last week , where I had the pleasure of meeting you and we were talking about your courses ,
Could you put in me contact with any of your customers for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a way to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only concentrate on the game .
Football is a sport where anything can happen . the best teams do n't always win and it is unpredictable . There is n't a dream team .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like call someone , text , take photos , listen to music , watch movies , play games , be woken up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unimaginable things we can do .
And people are becoming isolated . Once I saw a mother using her mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
In the future , we will probably be able to do almost everything using a mobile , but we must pay attention to how this affects our lives .
In my opinion , public transport could have a future if we all collaborate to improve it .
Rather than being concerned about the challenges , children would deal with them . It is particularly advantageous for them to grasp foreign languages during elementary school .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
Sukh started crying and she said she was not going to give him her laptop until he was sorry .
As you well know , Rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and kept talking : " ... You are the only one that can save her life , but before , that you must keep your promise " . " I know " , he replied with a sad tone .
He loved Rose with his entire soul , a soul that he was losing .
We made friends with this fairy . After an entire day walking with her , it felt like we had known each other a lifetime .
What are you eating ?
One day , I will be like him .
We have already done a lot , but we still need to do more .
As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
I do n't know which is the best place I have been to but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to Gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always go to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
Some people do n't even care and just do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to make furniture .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they use so much plastic just to cover a small thing or use a lot of plastic bags without even thinking about how harmful this is to the environment .
I lived for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely unknown , but they used to do it because they were n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycle waste because it is a posh area .
Some people from the area where I live usually feed the birds , but others do n't even care .
At this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish themselves .
I am writing to apply for the job you advertised .
We ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
Public transportation is the main way to deliver people everywhere in a short time . In the past , they had to use camels to travel , which wasted a lot of time and caused tiredness .
Despite our nerves , we did well and our dream came true . Yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students and the college if we received funding from you .
But public transport has a future for a lot of reasons . First , time . If the place you want to reach is really far , the different types of vehicles of public transport will get you there faster than your car . Also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that crosses the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will not be able to achieve travel between continents with your car . A different reason is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada . Comfort is a really important reason , because driving for 8 hours is exhausting and it will also be unsafe . Economics is a factor too , because the wear and tear on your car will be more than in normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do . It will be more expensive than on public transport .
So they put on more and more sports programmes on television .
I am accustomed to working with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love and who I spend a lot of time taking care of .
These are the reasons why I 'm great for this job .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why do you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer because it has let me know how important teamwork is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from a high place , to push me to run and kick the ball .
Which is it the best ?
Which capacity and model will we work on ?
There are a few people who use public transport , like students and people who have a low income . In my view , I can say the public transport might be going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
When Aznar was president of the government before him , he was like a minister .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul . Taekwondo is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
I just got the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell anyone just starting this sport to use their abilities and skills for the right things .
Chemical drugs can help people to heal and recover from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
We should live in a stable and peaceful world .
I want to say a few words .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of them , love them and treat them like family .
Although they are not human , they also have feelings .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , they take sheets of bank notes . There are three requirements for this : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slightly raised .
If you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Motorola was the first to do something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
It started when I woke up around seven o'clock and I was n't tired at all .
We told them that they had to leave our house immediately .
Secondly , the student who has a good body shape can easily make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
This makes it easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
Today , we have more items to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in the proper bin , which will be used by specialized factories to make them into other items .
Although now that the holidays are coming , they need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse yourself , and if you come forward to work you can do it .
Besides , it will always be useful for people who ca n't drive .
The fare for public transport is less than owning a vehicle when you compare bus fares to filling a whole tank with petrol .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to environmental protection , such as planting more trees and grass in the cities , and bringing in a special law for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that building projects do to us .
If you feel like eating something , there are a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different countries ' dishes .
My father 's name is Zaheer Arat . He is very loving and caring . He gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of . He provides all the facilities to us , for example , the internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination . He always encourages us and says do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else . My brothers and I are proud of my father . He is very hard - working and brave . He has a smiley face . He always tries to make other people laugh with his jokes . He always listens to what we want . He never ever ignores us .
It was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to marry him .
I am writing in response to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps . I have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience . I have worked at a school in North Africa as a volunteer and learnt a lot about children . I think that I 'm a suitable person for the job because I am an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising different types of activities . I 'm not very good at cooking , but I can learn very fast .
I think that I could do a fantastic job .
So the government should oversee these companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , they should be fined and closed down .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teases me , and to be alert as well . Also , it helps me to always look slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well . People who want to start doing karate have to be patient .
How is it going ?
In contrast , some people hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport . Some other reasons might be rising gas prices , car crashes or hating driving !
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but living in a dormitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
They will correct our tasks and send them to us again .
I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
First I will ask a question of you . If this was your own house , which you bought for a lot of money would you break it for no reason ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , who proposed a challenge to prove that Turing 's test was not conclusive , and that he created a paradox .
If someone likes cars , then they should go to Formula 1 races to hear the bolid engine sound . I think that is the best sound I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 is also a dangerous sport . The drivers are exposed to the risk of accidents at high speed .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to find a place that was shallow and without pollution to cultivate . They were poor ; they did n't have the necessary resources , but the husband worked so hard because his wife had had an accident . It happened one day that his wife was working on a campaign for the conservation of endangered animals . She went to a place in search of animals . She heard a sound in a dark place in the jungle , so she went to investigate what that was . A creature that had never been seen attacked her . Her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , on the floor . They asked her if she was OK , but she did n't answer , so her partner took her to the doctor . There , the doctor said that she was OK but she would never hear again unless she paid 1 , 000 dollars for an operation .
One day , the son of Lucy and her husband went to carve holes in the dirt to make a game , he made five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewel that had belonged to generations of gods . So he started throwing that for fun . One time that he took the jewel , it consumed the mind of the little guy and that made the jewel emit some sounds that only giants could hear , so a mountain stood up that was the face of a giant and he perceived negative vibes , so he killed the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I hope you find the answers to your question in my letter .
There are a lot of clubs , pubs and bars , cafes , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Late at night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around the streets in a drunken condition .
My school is fine and I like my country better than yours ; our teams are better than yours . England are the worst at football , Argentina rules .
In conclusion , before I read the article I had never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives students the opportunity of not just learning something in the classroom . More than that , it is the opportunity to use their knowledge in educational and social life .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , human work is made easier , for example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point in human history ; the oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to listen to , but beautiful in the end .
Family are the people that will never leave you alone . They give you love and happiness . They make your day ! They are our best friends as well as our family .
The members follow you , and you can rely on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take their own car or do not have one .
I started this sport when I was 10 years old . where My father was also playing this sport , but he started it when he was older than me . He was about 30 years old . where Squash is one of those games that can be played at any age . I love this game because I find it exercises the whole body at the same time . We run in a small space , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and at the same time we work our minds , so it needs care and quick thinking , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that anyone who wants to start a doing sport should play squash , which gives a you flexible and healthy body . At the same time , this sport can be played for a long period of time without caring about age .
Although public transport is cheap and more environmentally friendly , it is not as flexible or comfortable as the car .
The other one is original brand manufacturers , like htc . They produce a lot of new smartphones and sell them .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffering an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that like to innovate and market their products , and customers like to buy them .
He went to his father 's office and got another copy of the house key .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have travelled all over the world and during this experience , I have seen the necessity of work to finance my journey , so then I have dedicated myself to working on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience of this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that . I am the most organized person in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a way to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve as a person .
So , in conclusion , I think that if you contract me , you will get an excellent person and an excellent worker .
I believe that people in the future will begin to travel in shared cars more often and they will use less public transport , like the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I see with this , is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be a lot of cars .
Positive things about online learning are that you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do n't have to carry so much paper with you . Also , you 're on your own and at your own learning speed , which makes it more specific to the user themself . Maybe you 're more comfortable on your Smartphone than with paper .
I used to think I did n't like soap operas , because they were boring , out of date and not worth watching , but this was just prejudice .
We enjoy it so much .
Using public transport is " healthier " than using a car for the environment because twenty - three humans can travel on a bus and it is only one vehicle , but it would be twenty cars .
There are just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but you .
Buy a good racket , put on a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
You should come to my city and will enjoy it .
I encountered small problems during the concert , but we fixed them very easily thanks to the team with whom I worked .
They were always so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to imagine that ending . But that was the sad reality .
Mia could n't accept it when someone behaved badly .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't make a choice . My father and my mother saw me crying and decided not to keep going , and they said sorry to each other and me .
Some of my friends did n't want to shown their body to anyone , because a lot of students do n't do exercise .
This is the method of making bank notes , and the operator should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
Before the production , they have to think about the design , including background color , artwork and codes which make them different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
Look at yourselves .
For example , I do n't have a car , so I usually use a train to get to my school .
Therefore , I think we need public transport .
They always give you what you like to eat .
In conclusion , only family members know who we are most deeply .
Tennis . Tennis is not just a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs more hard training and more time to be perfect at it . First , why did I choose tennis ? Seriously , in 2003 it was my first time watching the game on TV when I saw Roger Federer play . I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to his professional movement when playing the ball . From that time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championships , so more time , time and time it is my favourite sport .
It is ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I would like to be like her .
To sum up , I strongly suggest that visitors stay as long as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
First my favorite sport is football and I like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you feel excited and entertained . Besides that , football has the best football player ever , which is Leo Mesy . He 's the best and he 's able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
The man , who was armed , tried to steal a backpack .
A second reason : it helps me make new friends when I join a football team .
I enjoy it when I spend time in the water and now that I am pregnant I am afraid when I swim with a group of people . I keep telling them and screaming do not come close to me ! ! !
but my husband takes care of me . He does n't allow anyone to be much closer to me .
my mother - in - law likes swimming too .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and started swimming . I know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca n't swim .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need for African children .
But phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can disrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
tube and train , but is there a future for them or not ? I am going to answer this question by discussing disadvantages and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
These days , private transport is more convenient than public transportation . Although public transport like buses , trains , ferries and intercity rail take less time and energy , sometimes it creates problems .
In some cities there are n't boats , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
I think we should have a lot of buses in the city .
2- It 's very cheap . I do not need to buy anything to do it .
On some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stand .
Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town do not care about the environment .
I started running to lose weight and it ended up being a life - changing experience .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is more than that .
2 . Bus drivers do n't care about the people around them .
That means they are careless people , who always drive too fast .
The public transport most used in Toluca is the bus because it is the cheapest , but it is very bad and unsafe . The quality of it is very bad ; the buses are old and obsolete , they have broken windows and old broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so they do not drive with caution . In Toluca there are reports of high numbers of accidents involving buses .
Maybe in the future it will be worse .
Governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . People should keep them clean and safe . If they use them carelessly they will be useless . Now there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Nowadays , travelling has made it easier for humans to move all over the world .
I hope giving equal priority to both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there is such delicious food , is that you always want to eat some typical food from your country and in the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat it to excess .
I do n't think public transport does not have a future . There are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they have to use community transport .
The second advantage is that the Internet by websites , such as Twitter , Facebook ... You can speak with your quick friend , or you can meet with them on the website . Therefore , you do not call them on the telephone , because the internet is very cheap .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
Travelling by car is much more convenient but we all know really there is no future for public transport .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to use it and , more than anything else , it is convenient .
Already , public transport has been improved and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think it will be able to be better and better quality , because so many people expectation .
That is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important things that will be possible in the future .
Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earning money , you want to study again .
I think public transport has a future where all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things . For example , it is good that it is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that bad people attack you and steal things . But I think that it has a future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
And you enjoy yourself with your mates and experience all those special moments with them .
I am so sorry to delay your visit , which was planned months ago , but as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
We as humans living in these days , rely on technology . Every aspect of our lives is supported by technology .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn . For kids who still want to learn to speak and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for them to help them learn faster by watching television .
Second , these days , television has become modern and that means television can be connected with the internet .
Keep in mind what you should do before buying your own TV .
Whether people who reach 18 should do military service is an issue . The supporters suggest that it is helpful for 18-year - olds to train their physical fitness and psychological qualities , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful to human rights and affects the development of a country .
Considering both views , it can be concluded that the government should respect human rights and set up a new department which can be used by people who want to apply to do military service .
I want thank you for the invitation but I ca n't come to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
It is like you are going downstairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
Mohammed was a kindly prophet born in a small city called Mekka and he travelled to another city close to Mekka called Almadina because the people of Mekka were very aggressive and they did not accept the new invitation to the new religion .
Mohammed came back to his town , Mekka , after that and forgave the people of Mekka who abused him .
Yours faithfully
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' background colour , its artwork and security issues .
If the way to do that is easy and nice , I think in the end it is better than explaining theoretical concepts .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have great fun because we stay in a cabin and he 's a really funny man too . I laugh every evening and have great fun .
I am communicating with you with the purpose of letting you know that we are going to set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discussing how we could use social media to improve the communication with our suppliers . I think a great time for the meeting would be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Next , printing . Sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet ) with colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , printed sheets should be manually inspected .
This activity is really interesting and you should n't miss it .
I enjoy myself all the time when I am there .
On Wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons . I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
We will have people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we also have other people that use television for research .
For example , the channel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of information about animals and how they live .
That 's because swimming is really fun .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they ca n't learn to swim , and also , when they get older , it will be more difficult to learn than when they are young .
Firstly , shopping can waste so much of your time .
You may not realize it when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things you still need to finish .
I tend to ride my bicycle from home to work , I have n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healthy and costs a lot .
But there are some problems , like these - how will a lot of people drive who do n't like to drive or ca n't drive because they have some problems with their health .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are aimed at getting as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is indeed less harmful , in terms of the impact on the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , whereas each new car means increasing pollution .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment . One of the things we do is to do maintenance every week to the vegetation zone , checking if there is any garbage . To avoid this , we teach the younger generation environmentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or candies on the floor . They can also help the older people . There are cases where a person throws garbage on the street or on the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If they do n't , they wo n't be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they are visitors . In that case , we tell him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advice to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to find a job . There are many jobs and many different types of jobs .
It all began in 1981 when Freddy Fazbear 's Pizza opened . The establishment is a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant had robots . In 1981 there were four animatronics and their names were Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate performs a show on her own in her pirate cove . The children love Foxy because he plays with the kids , answering questions about the pirates and telling a pirate story .
When I saw the advertisement for the job , in that time , I thought that it would be very easy . I called the number , they give me the information , and I accepted .
My first night was easy because I only watched the screen and passed from camera to camera and nothing strange happened . I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third nights were very strange because on the cameras the animatronics moved as if they wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth nights were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed and opened the doors because they were trying to get into my room .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve them .
No progress will happen without a plan . Each person has a dream he wants to achieve , but first of all he needs to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
After the Second World War , they improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not to step in one .
If they had to pay , then they would do it .
There is another issue that is due to heavy traffic but few roads that are wide enough so that most people are distributed due to these issues .
I hope all is well with you .
I hope you accept my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
Therefore , whatever opinion you have is the result of the social situation in which you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
It does require you to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
This event was his sister 's birthday . " Now is the suitable moment to announce her surprise " , Peter said .
It was her old friend Tia .
Sara stood and stared at her for a few minuets and hugged her and bowed her for coming and thanked her . They had n't seen each other for several years since they had finished their studies . Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening , and agreed to visit their college at the weekend to recall the best memories . It was Peter who arranged this celebration and contacted Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forgot that day .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality that does n't like crowds of people walking around .
Technology advances way too fast and it is really difficult to guess what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones the size of a small piece of paper , really thin laptops like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean themselves or change color and shape , healthier food , smarter domestic appliances .
What really makes me love Barcelona is that they play football , instead of running around .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi . They are two people who succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate about what they do . More specifically , those people are in love with their job .
Any normal rainy day when you are a teenager in school never ever ends , but one day was a better day than any other normal rainy day because I learnt how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let others use her because she wanted to feel needed by her friends but did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
That day , I had just finished helping a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was shocked that she wanted that from me . Anyway , I gathered up my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college Better to start studying now and I 'd help her to study the hard lessons ( I was very sad to say no & that she asked me that ) . She became very angry and told me I should help her because we she was my best friend . Then I told her why I had told her NO and she said " I hate you . "
They are white with black and blue lines .
I love them .
My mother gave me them for my birthday .
This idea is fantastic , although it will be very complicated .
However , the best option is that you come here and then I will introduce to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding a job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travelling , because it is very expensive .
To the door and opened it . It turned out that it was my brother .
After we said hi and I went inside with him , he told me that our mom was going on a trip for a week and we had to take care of our little sister .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
First , basketball is a team sport , which means I need to understand the expressions of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my role is cutter but I need to do assister , blocker and guard when I play .
I suggest to other people to first understand yourself , such as what you like , what is possible , and then practice after every success .
I first played badminton when I was 7 years old .
I 'm sure it is very healthy for your body .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so aside from study , they have diverse selections .
The more I remind myself to get up early , the more things I need to do .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different . I guess that people will have a chip in their heads and they may do many things with their minds , like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we will be able to speak with them .
Although I have had terrible jet lag since I came back to my country , it 's great to see my family and my friends .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
Because of injuries , I am now thinking about leaving football to dedicate myself to my other passion ; the guitar .
to playing Counter Strike , walking in the park , going shopping , and I ca n't stand the sight of blood .
What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
He is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverted .
It must be Interesting that the development of transport even fits the times .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper disposal of waste . The village has dug pits to dispose of waste .
Remember that a car is to make your life easier to get around and be safe and as a way also to have security because you go in your car and you are less likely to get mugged or something .
Some disadvantages are that you may not have the money to maintain a car , and always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to it , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visited my friend Jimmy in New York city . He was a young man who was an expert on trains and tourism . He talked about how citizens and commuters move from one place to another . He told me that Grand Central Station was the largest terminus in the city . He showed me where the landmarks of the Big Apple were so sightseers could go there . He showed me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus Circle in the south west corner of Central Park where there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake where the jogging tracks that circle the lake are popular with early - morning visitors . Then we went to the Museum of Natural History that was located near the Metropolitan Museum of Art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand Central Station . When we arrived , I was amazed to see a lot of people going to work , so he told me that it was convenient for people to use the train because it is very fast and for the government it was a great economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In addition , the transportation system which is developing day - by - day performs in the most convenient and the fastest way it can .
I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
Best regards , and I look forward to hearing from you .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer . I think that playing it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want . It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Arctic Combat " is good too .
I am Melody Martinez . I 'm 26 years old . I was born in Mexico .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
Secondly , recycling waste . After collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it into useful materials we can use again in all aspects of our lives .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make useful objects to use at home .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues who wanted to get the world record of the best time for the 100 m .
Either way , he had an enemy who was trying to extinguish his love of running and get him out of the competition .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to improve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
These days , almost 80% of people have assured feel concerned about their bodies and their diet . Because of this , they promised me that they will try to improve their daily diet and they will do sport more frequently .
It is true that in summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
It is necessary to buy well - made sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain in your feet and the rest of your body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks are the squares in Tampico . The best shopping centres are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero . The most important parks are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Using cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits is a very good option for many of us . However , the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation . Therefore , this is where public transportation should be focussed since long trips taking longer than a simple commute in the city would require it .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , is in need of evolution . That might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best means to get to places the roads and geographical areas of which might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
It is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
Actually , we have a lot of problems with traffic : lots of carriages on the railway and they are n't running ; the number of cars in the street causes pollution ; crowded railways cause a late arrival .
If public transport were of higher quality , faster and with lower fares , the majority of citizens would prefer it : it is calmer to relax and read a newspaper or a magazine during the journey on mass transport than in individual transport ; moreover , the time spent to go and come back would be reduced , because it promotes fewer carriages on the railway .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by him .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help him .
He picked up the phone and dialled the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes it .
All this began because the first telephone that I received was faulty .
It is really exciting and amazing .
The family member I love most and think is my best friend , is my sister . She is older than me by about 12 years . I can tell her anything about my life , myself , my feelings , I also think if I fell in love , she would be the first to know .
Finally I want to talk about my cousins . I love most of them , especially the cousins of the same age . They are my friends . I love them so much , and also the rest of my family .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , which is incorrect .
He is an athletic runner who has set a new global record . Nobody believes in him , not the media nor his own father .
basketball needs a person to be tall enough to play it . I like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , gives me self - confidence and makes me active . If someone wants to play basketball , he should do a lot of exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but he should n't give up .
Then the hurricane came and all the people were scared because they did n't know what they were going to do .
Then the engineers discovered that the eye of the hurricane was widespread all over the island and that the island was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call PIK .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always have a special offer for their customers , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount to customers who spend 500 IDR or more , for complete information you can check on the website or call the restaurant .
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love .
Michel arrived home earlier that day , and when he opened his door , he saw
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter when they were unchanged .
Some people think that football is a bad thing because the footballers are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like that .
OK , there are some fans who are n't good people , but the major football associations are trying to stop them and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
But this year , Michael organized it very badly because he did n't have enough books for all the children and a lot of them did n't get a prize , so Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really takes care of the environment , because there are a lot of parks in this town and they are very clean .
Every morning , some people come the to park and clean . up That makes us feel really grateful .
My parents always support me playing what I like and
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there is no future for public transportation it is not completely true . I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
We made our university proud , plus we helped people .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue at this pace and transforming everything , in the near future , in 50 years , everything is going to be completely new and different .
As I said before , because of technology , many things have become possible in less time , and with the passage of the years , this has tended to increase .
It also means that research can be shared easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as well , so you can react faster and make some changes .
Last but not least , family perception , has been changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kids .
They are tending to work as much as men , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even sometimes it is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
They caught him and
Many people like travelling by car , but it pollutes a lot more than going by public transport . Public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also pollutes less than them .
Neither do they seem to take care of nature and everything around them .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to setting up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
They have a lot of faculty members .
They give the students the freedom to choose their majors and their teachers .
In addition , they have a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergartens that take care of the children of the employees , university housing , a hospital the students of medicine can be application in and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
Besides that , they have some services like transport for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center of the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit larger numbers of students , so the students may establish more friendships with people of different nationalities . Also they serve the community by qualifying many students in various majors .
Next day , he woke up early again , not to play football but to see if that stranger would come back that morning , and he saw him again .
The stranger was looking for food in the street to take to his family .
We would like to give you six months to scale up your skills .
The plot of this film is about a 25-year - old naive woman who was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out clubbing and met a crazy guy who involved her in a seedy drug smuggling racket with a Korean criminal gang that forced her to be a drugs mule .
But everything went out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her in her abdomen . The substance spills through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of its capacity .
If we travel by car , we generate more pollution than with public transport .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love with her .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which is about how different machines work , which can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
In contrast , travelling by airplane just takes you two hours , and you can get to your destination .
When you can , call me .
Later , if you want , we could find a job for three months . In my opinion , a good job for three months could be as a waiter , because waiters get a lot of money in the three months of the summer .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country . We will go by car because a car is cheaper than the bus or train . We could eat in the famous restaurants of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , we could visit the medieval wall .
To sum up , let people be aware of the drawbacks of phones and use them wisely .
When I ride a horse , I feel much better and forget all of my problems .
I think it is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
My favourite day is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
I wake up early , like 7 am . At that moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
At KTV , they touched me because there were a lot of people who had planned a birthday party for me .
After I finished I went home , because I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
Suddenly , I thought my gift was gone . The students said they did n't take it , but I doubted them , so we quarrelled .
I offered an apology out of harm students , but fortunately they did n't get angry with me .
Here is the recipe : First , get some equipment , like a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , of course , a stove .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used . It seems that in the near future it wo n't disappear .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think it is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skills at the same time .
It gives me a sense of achievement . For these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
You must try it !
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security features and prepare metal plates using skilled machinists .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and he was a very funny , fast and sweet animal .
I started to think that I was born for that sport .
But we do n't know if this change will be good or bad . I hope it will be good , but let 's talk about it .
In conclusion , I 've got to say that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do the best we can .
That 's fantastic news !
In conclusion , it is true that the demand from the public is going down rapidly as they have their own vehicles .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
Anyway , I 'm very happy to write for you .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Research shows that private cars are used , most often carrying a small number of people at a time , which makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances emitted into the environment each time the engine is started .
Another good option is to give them a difficult job to keep them busy every day . But I do n't know what kind of job it could be , because a person who commits a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like community service .
First , should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
When you talk with someone , do you ever think about your words before you say them ?
A lot of us never think before we speak and that is not good .
You must think a little bit before you speak as one word can cause a lot of pain for others for the rest of their lives . you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I really mean if someone says to you painful words .
One day , Michael decided to throw a surprise party for Sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise for her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all week as usual . That made Sinha worried and she suspected that Michael did not love her any more and had met another girl , and she became extremely sad , and it got even worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to give her the surprise but he did not answer his phone after that .
-To begin this course , I want to be sure you know the meaning of art , so I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with this you will explain to me what art is .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , apart from one student . Her name was Sandra . She arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , on which she had only written a name in a different style of letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed at the work of his classmate , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each person and understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
My favorite sport affects me greatly . I 'm a kung - fu fighter .
People have conciencied themselves that they need to respect nature and the places where we live .
Every year we have " earth hour " .
I located them instantly because I recognized their hats .
When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
The man , who was crying together with him , was his father who had left Peter and his mom because they had divorced 6 years ago .
It 's a pity to know that only a few programs exist that try to educate people with the most up - to - date information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
It is better for the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay . This money bacame do to make more work for others .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily . What can I say is you will regret it if you miss this film .
My son likes playing sports . He is very little but he plays football . He is a very active child .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teaching us about teamwork , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say , it is rewarding when our teacher asks something and we know the answer because we were able to study the whole topic .
I have experience of going to the hospital and it was very interesting .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarships , not everybody can afford them .
Living abroad , even for a short time , could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
They provide energy for our bodies .
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years . However , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods . It means cheat and we have no entry obstacles for other suppliers .
This is an international sport because in all parts of world there are people that they play it .
Football is a famous sport . You can watch it on TV or you can see it live . There are a lot of level categories , the most famous category is the first .
People that play in this category are famous although you can see them on TV . If you want to be a big football player , you must practise more time and your life should be healthy .
This sport is the best in the world and the most famous and I think that it is the most enjoyed .
Every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak in the third season , then they gradually slid back to the year 's bottom .
In the case of the indoor swimming pool , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually sold about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth in each season .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be so expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
Once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
So we should be aware of the importance of time . I hope not to waste it and to make the best use of it to giving opportunity for rising . Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
I ca n't say I hope that time will be more important in our lives and we need to save it .
Its name is Santa Marta and it is near Trujillo .
You and I could see each other .
It will be fantastic !
Our friends always ask after you and your family .
My boyfriend and I have a present for your little baby , Nick .
I love you so much , my dear friend .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes ( 50 banks notes per sheet ) with special ink , where colour is considered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , they manually inspect each printed sheet in case there should be damaged sheets .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect them , we will not help our habitat .
My teacher wanted us to speak French .
I was the babysitter of those children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried her best to support my older brother , my older sister and me in completing our college studies . Of course , my uncle , younger brother of my mother lent a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when a member was in difficulty .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman like my mother who tried her best to feed me and help me complete my studies .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advice : enjoy yourself .
Thank you for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
What makes me like learning new languages is how it helps me communicate with others easily . I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend on whatever I like .
But this kind of food is expensive and people can not buy it .
I hope things will continue in this way because it is our future , our life and we have to take care of it to have a good and happy life in the coming years .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK from 1940 to 1970 .
She told me not good at all , but mine was good and she also added that I might get the chance , and finally I got it .
When I was returning from Syleth , I called the girl and talked to her and told her that I had got chance at university , but the girl said that she knew .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describes the history of our country .
I have been an Arsenal fan since 1999 .
Mine was badminton and I really enjoyed it when I was playing .
When I am on the court , my opponents fear my service and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
In my opinion , it is dependent on what we buy and with whom we go shopping .
Why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money by not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they have problems with their cars or they are n't in the mood to drive .
I can say that it is the most natural movement for humans .
Motivation for me was a 15k race .
I will give you a review of a thriller . The thriller is Hunger Games . It is about some capitals and people are chosen to play in a game . You have to kill people before they kill you . It is a movie that has suspense , because you want to know how they survive . In the movie , someone loves someone and they protect each other . It is really cute , but in the 3 movies there are bad moments with the family , capitals , friends , etc .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , because in Italy soccer is more famous than tennis .
You should not play the sport just because your friends are doing it . Do it because you like to play .
Hi Alex , I ca n't wait to see you
I would really like it if my parents could bring me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
But I will try to convince them .
I have something to tell you .
This place has some restaurants and sports bar s where I can talk with Latinos and feel at home .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - It 's because , well it , was my first kiss OK ! ? I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snakes and everything that you can imagine .
Who is he ?
-Who is he ?
- Wow , everything is beautiful , it makes me feel like I am suspended in a dream or fairytale .
Firstly , it leads to global warming , since the concentration of pollution is higher in many countries , and actually it is not only leading to but also making global warming faster and can also threaten our health .
In other words , some professors , when teaching different topics , explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
Apart from this problem , we have another problem that is important too .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics in the first quarter of the year were 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter . In the third quarter , sales stayed at 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 . As you can see , sales were very unstable .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying - studying by yourself .
Jogging is a sport you can start any day .
After the agreement , Agatha goes back home and immediately calls her friend Michael to tell him to come to her house .
Michael , who is a policeman , decides to help her .
Thanks for your letter asking about what the young people are interested in .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the field of Mechanics and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to have challenges and yearn for the sense of accomplishment .
Secondly , loneliness can be a big problem when a person leaves their own country , going away from family members and close friends .
It would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
If you have more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I would appreciate it a lot if you sent me this information .
When I was young , I could n't use them .
When you feel really weak .
I think that for people who want to learn English Write and Improve is great !
To conclude , I ca n't think what wonderful things man will do , but I hope they make the world even better !
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easily when you compare yourself with another person who has been searching for a job too
The thoughts which people put in her mind were completely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , brought her to the point that they made her hate herself .
The words they said to her were deadly ones , they colored her life black . till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , can use all of these facilities .
After they married , he and his family faced a difficult situation .
He realized what that means .
In my city there is an old town which was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
One of the most famous buildings is the Churruca Earl Palace , which has a medieval tower with battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city do not have them because the Muslims took them out ) .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use them .
In my opinion , public transport has a future because it is cheaper than other modes of transport , also it pollutes less .
The car is a more comfortable mode of transport than public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higher , and if all people travel by car , the cities will be very polluted .
Another mode of transport that could be commonly used in the future is the bike . This mode of transport is cheap and ecological . Also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lanes , so it is a good alternative .
I like to play football because , for me , as well as a hobby , it is a way to stand back from the world , from the problems that I have to face every day , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to everyone , because it could be , as it is for me , a moment to distract you from the world , a moment to spend without thinking about tomorrow .
Secondly , other factors have an impact on the behaviour of older children like teenagers , it is not only their parents but other people , who surround them .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax from all the stress of the week .
Working as an ITC is very exciting because you need to program everything , it is like a challenge , although you can do different things . You can be on duty in your house and deal with your boss by cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your children bother you .
It is a little stressful when you have a lot of work . I hope when I have my job I will be in charge of IT department security .
The frog got well while it was at home for two months .
He shouted out for help , but no one was around .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives might change in the next 50 years , if they will be better or worse .
Idon't know the end of the story , but I do n't think that it is a happy one ...
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important issue , it will be the end of transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
First of all , at home we recycle plastic , glass , paper and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organic matter in a special composting bank so that we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sent to a special tip so that we avoid dropping them anywhere . Then , when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street putting their scraps in the wrong bank , I explain to them how they have to recycle and how important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle .
Perhaps in the future public transport could be more comfortable for the rest of the people who do n't have a car .
Some of them I saw when I was a young girl .
I would like to say to anyone who wants to play soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it can cause a lot of injuries . But at the same time , it is a very nice game .
It 's a very moving book , but it is n't difficult . I think it 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
Krav maga teaches us how to handle ourselves in difficult situations .
There are some issues that make me worried . The environment is getting worse . We have to come up with methods to solve this and save our Earth .
Television entertains as well as educates people .
With a great effort , he sat down on the grass , he felt tired , and had a slight sensation of pain in his chest , sitting there with many sounds in the air , he started to recall ... his face changed is dark , now he had a clear image of eveerything . When he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend was there dying on the floor . Michael remembered everything : the fight , the lies , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This week , I went to the country . It was great fun because we went to the cinema and we ate in a lot of different restaurants .
But now , what can I do ? I still love him . My love has become even stronger .
Should I show him my love again ?
We began to do it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
I was so angry , because I was finishing the puzzle and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find them .
I was hoping that my father could teach me to drive the car , but it was not possible because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
I always choose my clothes because only I know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
People who live there know the convenient public transport system called MRT ; it 's fast , cheaper and you do n't have to find a parking space .
Besides being excellent exercise , it is also the most comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God with each step in the morning .
What I really enjoy is lying on the grass .
I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to every word that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my daily routine , I come back home , have my breakfast , followed by lunch , because I have to get to work at 9 o'clock .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flexible .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you will have more resistance in the water .
- experience it when they are very tired physically and very stressed .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because they are the most attractive .
You must come , because I think that you would love my country and I can always help you .
Last week , his mother told him that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
Teach us about debates .
That work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you will never be bored .
Military service is when people are forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries where people have to do military service when they reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
Some people may think it is a human right that we let people choose if they want to join the military .
If people do military service when they are just 18 , they may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who works in the military may request the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
My favourite part was listening to a guide introduce us to painting .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
My main reason for loving it is how you feel when you play a match and , in the end , your team win .
TV was and is seen as entertainment , but have you ever questioned whether it is more than just entertainment ?
So , have you ever asked yourself whether television entertains , but can also educate ?
In my opinion , driving at high speed on the long straight could cause overheating of the cars ' engines and they can blow up .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of sources .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners send the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately replaced with a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Young children try to make an effort , and want to win at this age , and if they train , the results are better and that encourages them to keep training .
Finally , I think that competing in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlled there are some benefits that help you in your whole life .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and with time it has become part of American culture .
Hi my name is Chai . I 'm from Thailand . I am trying to write an article to improve my writing skills and hope this program can help me .
Some people may think that only these kinds of channel can provide educational knowledge , and some people do n't consider watching these channels as entertainment .
I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn from .
I really enjoy it because it gives me a lot of relaxation and it helps me to be toned and satisfied with myself .
I advise people to start this sport , because it is complete and makes your mind and body feel very good .
However , we also have to try not to create more rubbish but to recycle most of it .
When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other reasons .
The family has a blood bond , so we have a natural empathy .
Have you ever been rafting ? Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport ? If you do n't know anything about it , it 's high time you did !
You wo n't regret it !
My district makes my village clean and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
Now , we argue sometimes but we love each other because he always stay together in the good times to have a coffee or talk about our lives , but we also stay together in the bad times , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called Go Green Vancouver that will protect the environment by separating the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provide 3 containers for each house ; one for paper one for bottles , and the last one for rubbish materials .
This sport is about catching the ball and scoring .
That was 30 years ago .
However , using cars makes life easier , but when everyone or every house owns at least three cars , it is too much .
Public transport is really important and it has a lot of advantages to help humanity .
In my opinion , every country should have different kinds of public transport ;
For instance , San Francisco is a great example of an incredible city . The variety of choices of public transport is remarkable .
Recommend to friends what country they should go to .
I feel wonderful and my promise is that when I have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
I think in the future it wo n't be necessary to use public transport . And why ?
Every year the price of public transport goes up .
Every month I buy my pass to use on the bus .
This is contrary to the author 's assertion .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to be renovated .
To sum up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people who come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
One day many years ago in some place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shouted the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagined was that they had gone to town . Quickly , I went out to find them ...
The film is a romantic movie . It is about a man , Noa , who lives in a small seaside town , who falls in love with a rich girl . But like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not good enough for their daughter .
I have been swimming since childhood . I enjoy myself while I am swimming .
My advice to anyone who starts swimming is to enjoy yourself while you swim .
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention it in the email .
He is really tall , he is 202 centimeters .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what it is about .
But now I really enjoyed it , and my best friend bought me a ticket to a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing . For s couple of hours , I did n't move . It was a brilliant present .
I have read other books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
Sometimes I give them some information about the names of streets or where the main monuments are .
You will not regret it .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that they will prove me to be an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
In terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrates the process of making them .
Although the heat in the kitchen can burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
They have purchased green bins and they have done graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
When you have the desire to do something , something you always dreamt of achieving , something touches you inside not only when you do it , but also when you think about it .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend " Nemo " . It 's the most beautiful Disney movie .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issues in a detailed way to provide a solution .
I fully understand why it is so difficult to decide which activity is more important for you .
Do you want to be a doctor ? Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
Also , for low income families , who could n't afford to buy new cars , public transposition will help them to survive .
I am getting in touch with you to inform you that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists from different places .
I like volleyball because it is part of my life and of the life of my mother . It is my favorite sport , but I like other sports too , same I do n't play volleyball because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like people who are bad at volei .
I'm watch them playing . They 're really very good , but when they play other schools , they 're very bad .
Only by talking about your opinions with your parents can you prove all the problem .
However , a lot of them ca n't reach this goal for a lot of reasons : no money , height ( all teams require a tall player ) and so on .
Computers do things that humans ca n't , or that are very difficult or take too much time .
One thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal . I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it always seems like a contemporary film .
This will cause three problems for us humans and animals .
- It goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
He likes going out with friends and going to parties . Richard has got a tortoise called " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays . I hope I meet good people and visit beautiful places .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them for many years .
I love sports and I believe playing them is the best thing for having a good life .
I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile on my face .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city is a clean and green place .
The principal character is Grace , who is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , paparazzi , they can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , and you can not because of journalists .
Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I am against these people , or they might still change their style and everything would be OK !
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 cm , and his weight is 71 kg and he has a white skin . He loves going to the beach and he loves swimming . He wears casual clothes , such as shirts and jeans , which are mostly blue , gray and black . If you see him , you notice how elegant he is .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family was pointless , after my marriage I understood the importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
I would like to thank you for helping me .
As you enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
Clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is ready . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
For career has 80% ; under 26 years old students selected it . For the over 49 years olds , only 20% of people selected it ; but if you compare this with interest , it is totally different ; under 26 years old have only 10% ; but over 49 years olds have 70% .
This girl was an acquaintance of his .
When I want to study for exams , I go to the living room and sit in front of the TV .
This is convenient in terms of the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided between the participants and it is an opportunity to meet other people .
First of all , thank you professor for teaching me in the meantime . The entire course really benefited me , especially at the first meeting , about British English . I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , later I found the beauty of the language in British English . I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very careful and very humorous . You 're always careful in pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills lets us immerse ourselves in reading .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep them tidy .
To differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they filled an enormous room .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but smaller than the computers of the past ) and their shape , the weight of them ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
But that 's only my personal opinion .
announced the way they take care of the town .
There are various kinds of different things that happen in people 's lives , some may be normal and nothing special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remember them for a long time .
No matter whether it was sunny or rainy , windy or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made to it , which makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide changes to provide special benefit which makes life easier and more comfortable .
It brings hope to their lives and makes them taste life in a way that they had never dreamed of .
I enjoy watching tennis on my couch . It is n't weird that I haven't played tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I can only watch on my TV .
Once in a while , I enjoy watching tennis when there is a competition or tournament , besides watching and enjoying it , I can also learn how real the game is , what its rules were or what happens when they yell at the umpire for no reason . You can learn all these details and wait for a future day to put them into practice , or helping the players is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning , it could be a little hard , but that is the same with many other sports when you start , so just keep in mind that you could play tennis with the most talented players from all over the world .
It must be the aftereffect of whatever those clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whispered shouts coming from behind .
She 's incredible ; she is like the sister I never had .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish in one place and burn or bury it .
In my opinion , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . Moreover , I think that it is good because it could help you to lose weight .
We do n't use so much petrol as if each passenger were to use their own private transport .
I must confess that , the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy and It took a lot of effort to integrate with the other players in the team . But with the passage of time , I liked it more and more .
I would like to advise children who are taking their first steps in this sport , that it is with perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise it , so people will be motivated to travel on it .
For example , by using wind energy or solar energy for electricity generation , we will use less fuel , which is implicated in emissions .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . In brief , knowing each other and more cooperation between countries are two ways to avoid war for a better future .
My neighbourhood is surrounded by a large range of mountains which have scenic views .
Not only are they well - known for their long tradition , but they are also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attracts domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shop for souvenirs .
I assure you that there should be high - quality and varied products there satisfying your needs .
From the point of view of the environment , this is a bad idea , because it uses a lot of gas per person .
Sometimes , some TV shows are so great that they help you in certain classes , for example , Animal Planet can help you in biology . The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reading books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Last year I saw a movie called ' ' Side by Side '' , and it talked a little about life in ancient history , and by coincidence I was doing this subject in school , so it helped me a lot .
But that 's not all . Since you know two languages , maybe you could find
And without getting stuck in the city because of delays by drivers . On public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing for the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote themselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult care about it because it demands serious action and skills from our government , which unfortunately wo n't happen soon .
Sometimes it is better to travel by bus because of thorny road .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what route you are going to use .
If everybody goes in their own car , they have to park and maybe the place is full .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do not have a big salary .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . like it very much .
Firstly , Django Unchained reminds us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past through a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be sold to an owner farm . This was matched with an amazing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , in many countries , young people are looking for doing sports to be fit and very active and there are many sports to participate in .
In my opinion , volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings . My advice for someone who is starting this sport is that you will be refreshed after you play this game and it makes you do your work in a relaxed way .
After that , on the next day , I feel better .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because I am very interested in cooking and everything connected with it .
However , Physical Education is necessary because it makes people less lazy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the time of booking and the rest of the stay should be paid upon arrival at the front desk .
Plus , if I cancel the reservation 48 hrs before arrival I will be charged 5% of the full stay .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when you are a small child to gain experience and , year after year , become better .
Because they teach us the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course on which I learnt to organise all kinds of activities for children , from canoeing to swimming competitions . Also , I worked in a summer camp last year , where I could put all the things that I had learnt into practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to have again .
I heard about your wanting to have a trip to Taiwan . I would love to help you if you came to Taipei .
I am writing this letter , because last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like and I can recommend to you .
He explains the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood on the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped each other .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , even if we are living in the country or far from the factories .
The main advice would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
I think that would be the best advice .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you will feel a change quickly . I know that adopting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of it and you will read for pleasure .
It follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge of how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect command of English .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from Gaudi 's magnificent artwork , it is n't as famous as that .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish in the sea but there was n't an appropriate place to keep the fish , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
The year off gives them opportunities to get a job .
Everyone can choose something suitable for them .
I have seen your English courses on the internet and suddenly I thought that 's what I need !
Micheal is a clever , shy guy who decided to look for new opportunities outside of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need to move forward with his life and discover his real needs . No one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , so he never accepted having new friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends . Then there was that girl . A beautiful popular blonde who was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dreams . One day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled into his bag and knocked his books out of it . " Sorry " , she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look occupied Micheal 's mind from then on and led to him dropping his dream of being a creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed by her . Arika , the girl who was using anyone who could make her make a step towards her success and popularity . Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the class 's new clever guy . He could n't understand that giving up one 's dream is the worst decision and will lead to failure . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you want to play this sport , you have to make a really big effort and try to practise as much as possible .
The idea of working in the kitchens really excites me , because I would like to provide my cooking experience . I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but eventually , I liked it , and now I make all sorts of desserts and meals .
Now that they were back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well her brother , who had been avoiding her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend . They were n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so going to their old house as a surprise would at least give her the chance to confront him instead of making a fuss about it . Despite this insignificant trick , she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
That 's the main reason I love them .
Of course , people want to know some facts about the personal lives of famous people , but often , stars do n't like it when journalists try to get into their lives .
But also , I told you that if you are very good at sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will be worth it , so I do n't know . In my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it because it is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laugh or have a good time .
Well , that is my opinion . I will ask some friends about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more . Also , if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please . I will help you with all you want .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permits me to meet more and more people along the urban streets who do jogging too .
To conclude , hiking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
Cars are n't cheap and if you think that it is easier to move from one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there are a lot of considerations which you should occur like gas , insurance or parking costs .
For one person it would be option that you have a car which is parked along your road or on your driveway and at any time you can go wherever you want , for the other , it would be a pleasure that they could enjoy the trip without thinking about any car issues . They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part in others ' lives .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and we have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Roman monuments , while Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Despite all these things , Adam was lonely and had no friends in school or in Abbeywood Street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what made it worse , was that a boy called Johnny had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
I always dreamt of becoming a great player , playing in a crowded stadium , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Today , you need more than you needed yesterday .
They try new food in completely different places .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audience ?
The new activity which I have thought could be organised and could have success is called " The Club of discussion " .
I think that my college should provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and teaches you how you should speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
I want to know if a grant is available .
Customer satisfaction is much greater when the customer gets service which has value or quality much greater than expected .
If service only meets expectations and does not provide anything more than them , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer will not feel great .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like that .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching them . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thinking .
Let us look at countries that the US introduced " democracy " to .
Not only do students learn more in their studies , but also it helps students understand many facts in our lives better than any other way .
When he saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
If you come here in February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
When you were a child , did you ever ask yourself what you were good at ?
At night it has a special atmosphere .
There were some aspects that I had been really unaware of .
If you want information early the in morning , you can get newspapers in your cabin .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern building that has different rooms with different styles : modern , classical , gothic , etc .
However , not all is OK . A trip to Italy is so expensive and many classmates ca n't afford it .
By making them more modern , powerful and economical , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you have already started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for this service guide and how to use it .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and produce it ( till Week 32 ) .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : for me it was the first time I had flown , and it was amazing . But at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
It is quite a tiring sport , but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If we talk about my favourite sport , it will be basketball .
If a family member was like that , they could become my best friend .
You can also stop worrying about how much you take to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside your trunk , while this is impossible with any other means of transport ,
After , that I 'll need to make some money . My parents are going to give me some , but it wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
Angry like a tiger , or something else that 's bad , naughty and terrifying .
This restaurant is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a varied menu and the service in this place is wonderful .
It is safer , cheaper and faster .
Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
In many countries , it 's considered that relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
I am writing in response to your advertisement which was published in the local newspaper .
I enclose my personal contact information and hope for a positive answer from you .
I heard that the children who attend your camps are from all over the world .
To start the day , Italians generally have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slice of bread .
It is cooked in different ways .
Finally , it depends on what works for you , because you have to constantly remember the time that you do your tasks .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it you are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body . After that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target . I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
If I had the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to not give up , because this is n't an easy sport , and it is more mental than physical .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are written about and known by society , which is unfair and harmful .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
In general , most employers prefer applicants who have achieved an academic degree .
These people usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never on time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as a private car can be .
On the roofs of the supermarkets there are solar panels and they exploit the sun to produce energy .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the high - jump champion of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he has been thinking about retirement even though he feels the strength and desire to go to the World Cup in 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Anybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and goals can be set in accordance with the person 's needs and limitations .
It does not matter how hard the players try to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
Everybody must have free time to themselves .
You could do that and then , finish in Barcelona , where I live .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continued walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael . When we went out , he was in front of the house , making strange sounds . When he saw us , he smiled at us in a malevolent way , then made us go back inside .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , we could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about that .
I also have a little rabbit who is called Frippe . He is so cute and cuddly .
He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
A weakness I would like to overcome is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never do it or say the same thing when it 's time to do it .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , from a teenager , he used to do a lot of exercises .
Therefore , it is due to its philosophy and the joy that I feel before , during and after a training session , that Parkour is my favorite sport .
For a lot of people , travelling in your own car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport like buses or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , which is very common when you take public transport .
I hope these simple actions can be used by other people because the environment needs us to work together for a better world .
They all said it kind of did affect . them However , they also bought clothes they liked .
Furthermore , the government are enhancing public transportation services . They are providing them at a lower cost . The fairs for rides on public transportation are less than the cost of driving a car the same distance .
Besides , we had to see if the band had everything that they needed : something to eat and to drink . I was responsible for that .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family I got bored .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating these and this is where you can find some of the best .
Finally , we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but it should be better supervised and maintained .
Sometimes it happens that journalists write some silly gossip about famous people which is not true .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of it some could break up .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he refused .
In his mind , the only reason he was there was just to see the girl he had a crush on and to meet some of her church friends .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
The surroundings are dedicated to fashion : you can find the most important shops for which Milan is known throughout the world .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him ; an owner - less shadow .
Of course , some famous people might like this feeling that they are so liked and favourite and those who do n't like it have the possibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalists following them do n't exist .
Last month I was working at a concert by decorating the stage and it seriously came out better than I expected it to .
If you decide to visit the north part , I think it would be good if you started from Trento and its new museum of nature called Muse .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information about this job and you can get in touch with me on 671234567 .
Three words that describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
In other words , it could be said that if we had more free time , our lives would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do things with our family .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release the whole day 's pressure , but can also build up good relationships with others through communication and exercise .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I choose the centre of the city .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
I heard about it in my English class at my university .
Also , food will change in the future . Capsules of your favourite foods will be available in the future in mobile supermarkets . These capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on them .
I speak English very well , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada . Although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke English .
I do not have experience of working in kitchens , but I like cooking . I live alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
In conclusion , cars are convenient . However , they are not for everyone .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , which is almost twice the number of participants last year .
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I cycle twice a week .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you stay out and never give up .
They have never met their grandparents because their mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that caused them not to know any more about each other .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you . The movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those who are scared of thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and you are more likely to find handmade products in them .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in small stores because I am more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
If TV programmes are a lot of rubish , it is because some people prefer them .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
This can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
The judge ordered them to take position at the sites .
But this changed recently . I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and always smiling .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by yourself during the week .
On the one hand , living abroad will probably not be cheap , so it could be necessary to find a job , but this would be an advantage at the same time : working with English people would help you improve your speaking and listening quickly .
And I would also like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
People claim that shopping can make our mood better , which in consequence will be fun .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
TheInternet has been developed a lot over the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
It 's a sport that looks easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
That meant that after some months I was able to read sheet music .
At the end of the concert , everybody applauded . had I never felt so good .
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
Hope we have the chance to see each other next month .
I DON'T RECOMMEND GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
Therefore , not only did he get high scores in the reports , having absorbed a great deal of knowledge at the library , but he reduced the study stress and kept healthy at the gym .
When I finished classes , I liked to go to the health center , not only to do exercises , but to stay healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assignments , so I like to go to the library to study , where it is more quiet , spacious and internet accessible .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realise after several months that the course they had chosen is not for them .
A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time , while using public transport like the Metro saves us time .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so it can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch again .
Whether they give us reliable information or not usually depends on the source .
There was a lot of blood and it was then that Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to discover new places and , above all things , I love nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there . I think it is a very rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people and I would be glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " . With this game I showed them what chemistry is . We cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mix two substances .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
For example , during a football match , if you make a mistake it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , even if you do nothing .
The first one is very obvious because , every day , researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new inventions and improve the old ones .
To sum up , there are many issues that affect people 's lives and we do not know how they will change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now there will be an important change as happened 50 years ago .
In addition , I helped in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
We met years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
Of course , during these events all the world watches them .
Probably we , as the human race , need this kind of thing .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play it .
As we all know , they are an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without them .
Most of the people know a lot about them .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed that he is an excellent team player .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like them .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that we still use nowadays .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that they like .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do these kinds of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
As I see it , there are several ways to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of things every day .
You may not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invent something new and useful for humanity .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that she had lost one of the most important things in her life .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was for her .
She was outside the church when a friend of hers called to tell her the news about the accident .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape . I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them . I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys got into my room and started to record me with the girl and I did n't notice . Then many days later , I received a call from a guy who told me that he had a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I did n't give him some money he would put that video on the Internet .
But they do n't care about this and continue with their work . Often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generations and have made some people change the way they look at the city , but often , most people do n't care about what they try to say and sometimes these people are scolded .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
You only have to go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
It is really good . It is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey . I really mean it . It is not porn . BE GROWN UP PLEASE . If you do n't want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next page till it ends , that 's all . I did that to finish that novel . This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a successful businessman , chairmen man with a very unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to his recent behaviour - BDSM . And the girl seemed very bored of her routine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life . Apparently , THEY were so different from each other , but somehow , some magic connected them and made them a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if someone did n't read it , saying that it is a porn novel .
It would be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
That is an experience you can not get by car .
Next , to the explosion of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't have been done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can keep them or not .
I think you know that I have a friend who is a teacher .
I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
He keeps saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more . I sacrificed my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised to be .
There are thousands of students who travel on public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
This means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we are .
I met a few nice people and had a great time with them .
Next to him were dozens of doors and there were letters written on them .
He led him to a room which said ' Happy ' on the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , he felt something very fresh inside him .
He felt happy .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until he spotted a room that said ' Anger ' .
Why does it even exist ?
Why is it that when men stalk women they forbid them to come closer to her , but when a paparazzo hides in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pile of money for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through to other people by ringing them up or texting messages via our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate via social networks such as Twitter , Facebook , Whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news and social issues via Twitter instead of newspapers , for instance . It 's common to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news on their smartphone , an image so far from years back .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl who is even far from his type .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
Every Monday we meet in the sports hall in Mandach .
If you want to know more about this sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of ours .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo goes on and he calls it the best century of his life .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
It 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
I recommend having a look inside , just in case .
When I think about food , the first thought that comes to my mind is ham . It brings back memories of Christmas 2012 .
If something changes in your life it will be a news item on television , and people will invent rumours about you .
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or if a person wants to take advantage of you .
The television of the future will be amazing , because it will have a 3D projector , which means that movies will look extremely realistic .
First of all , being on the covers of newspapers and magazines helps them make themselves more attractive to directors .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to use whenever you want .
That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and slightly raised images are necessary .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym . His physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , which are very popular around the country .
The service is always great . The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is made . While clients are waiting they always give them some Indian food .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some ways , saves lives .
It 's called Spotify and it has grown super big .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once they have improved , I will be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
Is this true ? I agree with this statement .
Because , when we decide to go shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
As we know , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just torture .
Seeing all of that , we will change our future , doing different things than they have done .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not on other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could make of it or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation is in effect starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
But I think one thing is necessary before implementing these types of energies .
All of them require further studies to be done and , with that , we could find out the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
It is like making friends with nature and finding out what it needs of us and showing it what we need of it .
As I said before , all of this needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and trying to see ways to use it in your native country is the first step .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) instead of diesel .
Anyway , the key to protecting our living environment from being destroyed is to do it as individuals , step by step .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as being humans ' friends .
Domestic animals are very sensitive creatures that we have to treat as our babies .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
We felt hot and we had no refreshment facilities .
Anyway , that is only one side . What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
They are more beautiful and popular than him , all the girls are in love with them and all boys would pay to attend their parties , including Michael and his friends , who were always excluded .
In the end , the party turned out a success . For Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighbours , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , who , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house to take him to the police station .
First you must explode the old one and clean up the mess from the explosion . Second , paint the wall by yourself black paint until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall . The third step is , " of course " , going to buy furniture from Damietta . Here are some tips you can take . if you are single , then you can buy a big cozy purple sofa with many colorful cushions to throw all over the place , but if you are married ,
Your car is so good , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
I was pretty sure that a lot of work was waiting for me ahead .
Today is a big day for me and my classmates .
It is good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or just do n't like the crowded shops .
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
Then she handed me a box and walked away .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and an embarrassing moment could arrive and , if you have sold things like this before , you ca n't say anything .
But if you have an opportunity to go abroad , it would be so good for you and your English .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we could lose them .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathe , because this is always a good plan .
However , the art and science museum could be the most enjoyable plan .
My favourite kinds of movie are comedy and comedy drama because they have interesting plots and characters , someone and who watches comedy can laugh all the time .
Then you should know that there will be two kinds of transport .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford them .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick who had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts about their children 's studies , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they lived in poverty .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you must n't miss this series because it is a symbol of Guangzhou .
It is like that on all days , except Sunday .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
Therefore , it was not easy back then for anybody to use other means because there were none .
First , when I was on the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition . Then , when we were in the water the coaches did not stop encouraging us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so excited to see our families waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and am interested in the job .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop new technologies , people invent new things .
Kitchens will be better equipped , maybe with smart appliances , and people who ca n't cook will prepare the meal by themselves .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like that .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a court and it is expensive , the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
I graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 . Since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English . It turned out that I have to jump through a lot of hoops in order to overcome these obstacles which I believe are an ordinary requirement for getting a master 's degree for foreign students .
In addition , there are recent statistics that show that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabian students who come to America to do their master 's degree could n't get into university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
Yours sincerely ,
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only coming for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
Moreover , people in their mid-30s do not usually leave their country and try to learn a new language from are living .
In my opinion , the best way to learn a language really well is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , do n't hesitate and move to a new country , in which you do not only learn language , but a different culture and lifestyle too .
I would be glad if I could have an interview to give you more details about my work experience , my skills or whatever you need to ask me .
In my opinion they wo n't .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax , and if there are more passengers in the car , you can swap with them , so you will feel less tired .
All these bad practices can make them have an accident and other innocent people are in danger .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
It 's cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi . It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching them so they ca n't do this or that .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , which is good .
We are used to just turning the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need them .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Michael loved her at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take advantage of opportunities to win her heart .
So , could you tell me which is the best way to reach your house ?
For this reason , this is the advantage of living in this area but because of many people in this area , traffic in rush hours especially in the morning is very heavy and it takes so long to drive a car to work .That is the disadvantage of living in this area . So , in my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to cover this area .
They were very excited about choosing the food on the menu because it was their first time eating here .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , had just lost her job .
In my opinion , being included in the latest TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like .
This happens when some natural disasters happen .
They have an undesired impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and other things .
My favourite sport is Badminton because you can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
To experience it well , you should stay there at least three days .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe you have a sleep disorder .
The second step is to identify what could be causing the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , you can identify factors that may interrupt your sleep .
The reading speech of many , but those with which I identify most are caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I explained to him the standard protocol that an official repair request should be sent in order to proceed with repairing the unit .
But he is not ready to accept this and is asking us to go and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . Please note that our telephone conversation was for only 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hung up the phone ) .
He did not ask any manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , which he mentioned in his email .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , but they usually want to listen to it at discos because they can dance .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and this can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
To whom it may concern
I am also a talented cook for kids . My view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as omelettes , spaghetti and more .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life . You focus on the competition and it is like having a rest from everyday life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause various health problems and could lead to death . Only watching sports seems safer .
The film describes how the love that a mother can give to her children can easily turn into an obsession . However , what makes this film so special is that it pretends to be a typical horror movie , but in its final scene , there is a sudden change which makes it more interesting .
Public transport is slow now , even though it is very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class were to travel on public transport , it would affect their status .
Whether public transport might be the solution , or be more suitable or not is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
Using public transportation is better than using individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury facilities . Extending the use of electric cars and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environmental pollution as much as we can .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
Then they move to the next step ; preparation of metal plates . Skilled machinists are needed in this process .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cook and how to look after children .
The first time I did Muay Thai was 5 years ago . At that time , I was n't sure about doing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't do Muay Thai and it is not well known .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing anything new , so here are some tips if you want to start doing Muay Thai .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable doing it , that 's what I recommend you do . Enjoy yourself and be happy doing it , because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
This work needs lots of patience and time to complete .
Do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later " , Henry said .
He did not want to earn a lot of money . What he really wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and discover new places .
But you can tell me other options when I come to your home .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entertain children of every age .
Overall , my personal opinion is that we give too much importance to clothes and appearance than we should .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend in the traffic . Scientists say the new society can be called " the fat society " because the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
In countries like the United States of America , people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social status , so for the American people , public transportation does not matter . They have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decide for convenience .
The future of public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on your point of view . In Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now dying .
She smiled and thought that it was a joke .
She had run out of words and just nodded her head , which means : " yes " .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah get hurt .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it is when you focus on technological gadgets instead of the things around you .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 who has been forced to poach to feed her family since her father died
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and that is health .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of these in order to arrive on time at your workplace .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car prevents you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Furthermore , it has various coaches and a perfect timetable for parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
When we meet and the two friends are walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardy .
I suggest that all youngsters who want to learn another language ought to go abroad .
Well , it 's time to go .
Researchers should not give up when they face difficult problems with the research and should keep trying different ways to solve them and they will do it in the end .
Recently Google , a multi - million dollar company , which is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand them easily .
Many people consider them indispensable .
If you 're not up for that , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same destination .
Global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences . Therefore , we should do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does them we can live on a much healthier planet .
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if that wo n't work , I could attend an English course .
Secondly , it is not only the school but also Vietnamese parents of primary students who are expected in the education of their children .
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the nearby peaks . Skiing is my favourite sport , I have been doing that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slopes , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
I expect it to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I consider myself a responsible person with the ability to face any kinds of problems .
Second , computer systems look like they solve most problems . However , these systems are more dangerous in specific situations .
They will use that information to steal people 's money over the phone and we will trust them because they have the correct personal information .
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with it is essential to shaping a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My mum prepared it the day before , and it was really yummy .
Imagine going by car to cities like London . Is the car more convenient ?
On the other hand , it is possible to find hybrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that work with normal fuel and , for that reason , this kind of car is not people 's first choice .
Think about its impact on your finances and on the environment . Would n't it be better to take a bus , the underground , or a train ?
I consider myself a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in these kinds of activities , and who can help with all the things you need .
So , next time you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need your brain to work faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise your brain a little bit by reading .
However , they were not .
I hope you love them too !
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy that provides part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside it which provides us with enough water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; on the outskirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Shops could even give us a 70 percent sale , which helps to save more money .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew them too .
He found it strange because he always locked the door and the only people that had the keys were him and his father .
As for animals , which are a part of nature , where is a home for them ?
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and customs of our chosen language is important and a better way of learning it .
I would like to inform that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
First , we thought it would be good to plant trees , and it 's easy to do this .
Then she had to go to class , so every balloon was sent into the sky , which was a beautiful sight .
I recommend the music classes more , but it 's your choice .
For example , on the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from being hit by the tube with high pressure air . Likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that global warming would cause and he proposed to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of cars and the problems it would cause in the future .
The film is about Maleficent , who becomes bad because she is abused by Stefan , her true love .
Always remember that " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
The Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , who are normally humans . In his experiences he saved whole planets from other bad aliens .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machines that walk the dog or wash it when we do not have enough time to do this .
It seems that if people did not travel only in their beautiful cars and took a bus or the metro , the air would be cleaner , the city would become less noisy etc .
Finally , how big the crowds are on the bus or subway car in the rush hour , how convenient it is for you to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
So my dear blog ( I heard that 's the way I have to interact with it ) , you will be about nothing .
Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
If there are any positions available , then please give one to me .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about ourselves that we did n't know .
Well , it keeps me fit , but not my body in the first instance ; it 's good for my brain .
My husband and I play in two clubs .
Young people not only have to spend a lot of time making themselves qualified in one specific subject , they also have to have a wide range of knowledge .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the thespian art flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dark and sinister period of Ivan the Terrible 's reign .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over and could we meet up later , you can imagine how angry he made me , because I ca n't put up this kind of person who is always late .
When you are eating you can see some birds that are in the trees , so it makes this restaurant unusual and different than others .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of that .
We need music most of the time or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression that can affect us and prevent us from doing our best .
It has many branches and types . Some are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people throughout the world share .
Because the people tend to make them from their own basic culture .
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more about feeling good with our families and with ourselves .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good at combining my experience of swimming with my broad knowledge of the countryside , which I think will be interesting for the children .
Technology makes it easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
I ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call now .
If somebody wanted to play soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to do some stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always have a possibility to be injured .
If you prefer to go to the countryside , I can recommend our mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know what it was , but after experiencing it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
It is also good to adopt an animal which does n't have a home and food and give it this love and affection .
I have heard about pets that get sick through living in a small apartment in town , and that is terrible .
Finally , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them . It 'll help you remember them and how to use them .
For several years , the number of secondhand clothing stores increased and a lot of people use them .
That was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in one hand with his other purchases , which is not so easy .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , start suggesting the best products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , the shops are often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are not used to doing it , you could make a mistake , and that is when the sport becomes dangerous .
They will check your empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone will warn your supermarket and they will bring them .
It would be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group find it easier to discuss the content .
People at the restaurant are very kind , they treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and being happy as a group
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who know how to adapt to all the different situations they could be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
When these people can drive a self - driving car , they feel more comfortable and they can live more freely .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
This book has a very fluent plot , which makes Vanity fair one of the best novels .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off them .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved over the last years , because cities have been putting a lot of investment into it .
I hope this will help you .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada takes care of the environment .
In addition , the old town is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the university that make the biggest effort .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
They had no money they could spend on entertainment .
It appealed to experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improve security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
I 'm not sure which is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourists normally go there .
I strongly advise you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the brewing process .
Then we can just jump inside them and move in either direction , as we wish .
Nowadays , we live in a society that is totally dependent on transport .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
She is called Canelle . She 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
She 's very small !
She measures about 30 centimetres .
If they are not very good , we can destroy them securely . However , a few sheets may be partially damaged . That does n't matter due to the fact that further separation will assist you with getting rid of the wrong sheets .
Quite often , I found it difficult to balance both my studies and my hobbies at the same time .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
I said that I would accompany her .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
I said that I would help her with applying oil . She said " Do you know how to apply ? " .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve in lots of fields .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will not regret it .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it was a castle , and you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
That makes petrol 's prices increase every day .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since it is fast , is n't affected by traffic , and it is generally cheaper ( since it relies on electricity ) .
This happens not only because of environmental aspects , but mental aspects as well .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , you will find a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " . Opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent it quickly getting busy at lunch time at the weekends .
As well as the historical city , which has short and narrow streets .
This restaurant is buffet style . We paid 15€/person and we could eat and drink all that we wanted .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
you can enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
It could be nice and give you more opportunities to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
Vietnam is a small country but it has defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Today , I will mention one of the iconic places in Vietnam which you should not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
The next time such a thing happened to me I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you need me to .
And that is a serious problem , because in the not too distant future , we wo n't be able to handle the garbage - there wo n't be enough space where we can deposit it .
It all depends on the type of person buying them , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
Lastly , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are shopping ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , who may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In that case , this means that my favourite way to travel is by train !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I started this sport when I was in junior high .
After he understood the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give it a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up and relax your muscles after playing in case you suffer injuries .
In other words , I can say it is the best club I know .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk about that .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
Although who am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
They would only do it if they had to .
Actually , if that 's the case , the happiness will only be for a short time .
After the Doctor 's warning , we may not turn our backs , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Surprisingly , when you are playing this sport you improve your speed and coordination too , so that could be an interesting reason for taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted in a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colour as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than them .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than him .
Lots of people really enjoy the time when taking public transportation because it is more convenient , costs less and is more eco - friendly .
Although public transport is enough for people 's neds , its operation could be improved .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will always be important for today 's people and the next generation too , and in addition , the need to communicate in another language will increase .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings . It is far from an enjoyable visit when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and not touch it .
I usually do sports like tennis or running , but I am especially interested in having adventures , and I would like to have this one together .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for a Postdoc position during his military service .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make new friends , possibly , if you chat with others besides the seats .
Tom told him " I can give you $ 5000 but what can I do for the rest of the amount ?
He thought he should perform a show jumping over several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience of that kind of show .
Many buildings , like skyscrapers suggest we will live in flats which exist above the ground , and that is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with their own source of light which could replace the Sun ?
I sincerely recommend this book to anybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than they already know .
Yes , they will , and I hope that we will improve our thoughts and we will have the consciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right to imposing us in the world .
Music is nutrition for our souls " it says in the popular proverb .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been gaining popularity in all regions of the world since they began .
In addition , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes in the North of Extremadura .
He took breakfast with his father , who took him to school , as he always did .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and is highly approachable .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the above - mentioned job .
In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
You just have to work your fingers to the bone , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enormous amount of injuries , so it 's necessary to be under the constant supervision of your doctor !
There are a lot of bargains and cheap items on the market , which very often catch our eye , but I definitely want to warn you against them !
The Home of the Future - in what ways will homes be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
She knew that her eighteenth birthday was approaching and she would spend it and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
I believe that it is true , because people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it takes to travel by public transport .
For example , if she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sitting in the nearby seats may stare at her .
If a person is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must . Hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to get there early .
Nowadays , all we need is a fully charged smartphone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only make a purchase from a store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods online and buy them via a simple click .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
Their novels have a lot in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heights by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , who are always well described , especially on a psychological level . Furthermore , both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
We feel happier during a conversation when someone has a good sense of humor .
However , others disagree with this .
Companies can create a site dedicated to introducing the value of the products , prices and service deals .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play them regularly .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesians : an Indonesian person will respond to a smile with a smile , so you can start with that . Not all Indonesians speak English , but most students can speak English .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
It is necessary for your health , but what about if you go running in the mornings ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes . When you 're stressed it helps you to relax .
One of the most difficult sports on Earth will teach you what hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
People that would like to start this sport , should know that this is not just a sport .
The Internet , on the other hand , has become more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and I were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and I went back home .
Monica and I called out her name and we slapped her face .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirty cars with a single person inside .
It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
And the more I won competitions , the more proud I was of myself .
A lot of different languages are spoken all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn .
Michael felt strange , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
With these experiences , I can safely escort people who are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore out of a concert and help them .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one - of - a - kind relationship .
To summarize , I would like to say that even though we are incapable of remaining on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors that makes us human and we should always embrace it .
And she has written a letter to you asking you to grant Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about that .
My mother told me that I would have to take care of it by myself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
From that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
Finally , it may be very tiring , as you may waste precious time just walking around and not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garments on , asking for advice , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy it , they even might order fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters who are recognizable all around the globe .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because they only cause emotional abuse to the man .
She has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
The problem is that maybe it is too late and she can only wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for you to stop .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that you want to learn . It will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling on different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great help to you .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that they had better do some community work .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect us more than others .
Facebook has more bad effects on adolescents than on adults , who are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , which enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , who is one of my favourite actresses .
And by the way , the soundtrack is awesome , you 'll be addicted to it .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to exact revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that you regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge queues .
To sum up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my main aims .
After that , we now need to print them out .
Peter got so scared that he ran away .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put them into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compare it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
which is an inseparable part of this kind of occupation .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work in his favour . The servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix them .
It was risky , he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
At first , Ken , had thought about giving her some cruise tickets as a present .
Yes , it 's true that the car is far more convenient than public transport .
When you want to travel the world or just go to visit your parents who are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
People may say that travelling on public transport is the future for our lives .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to dealing with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling in our own car is the easiest way .
For instance , travelling with children is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
It was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
You run slowly and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
Will I have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
What if that boy was smarter than him ?
The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by him .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of whom have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
Even just in cities , let alone travelling long distances .
Cars pollute our air , which leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergies and even cancer .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business . For me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of them then will have been exploited .
So , is it really worth getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or getting their first job ?
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from it and earn money at the same time .
How can they know they have the guts ? What I believe , and I think it 's true , is that courage , boldness and callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make them more acceptable to people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention of escaping when they picked that piece of writing in the first place .
This means that a number of offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options for earning money .
Nowadays , in some specific cases , people , if they want to get a good position or be promoted , flatter .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , the success it has achieved in the most varied environments is understandable .
They enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
Or have they run away ?
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like that .
When I looked in the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , they were all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about myself .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defencelessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from his comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on a camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people who , fortunately , had a radio .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and they helped each other .
To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design them .
He must have applied some lipstick for them to be that red !
First of all , let me tell you the advantages .
She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
Who could it be ?
Of late , debates on news channels are the talk of the town where you get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude that had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
There are many people who worry about them and are willing to help and support them .
The first point the professor addresses involves the text 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , will decrease the timeframe for getting the project done .
It is too early , is n't it ?
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
It has already had a great impact on people 's lives .
It was 31st October .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mixed - sex schools , which reflect the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex schools , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are undermining society .
As is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about .
Finally , regarding clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
We are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and give them knowledge about finances and the right way to handle them .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge investment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
Although , I have been struck by its major attractions , such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , it is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each person gets their own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
- I must find her before he does .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many people as are necessary for a match .
I did so by clearly outlining principles which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
Social networking websites can be explained as a web utility that allows people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts with whom it is possible to share connections and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honorable man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guard discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch them on different kinds of TV shows .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , so , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used them as cones .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn on ice in one month .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and that is the main idea of the article .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way ?
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry that they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
While he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him . That was when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Not only does it give people a job , but it also has a good impact on the town 's appearance .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now . This winter will be the third .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , which has made me a very good cook .
For example , the recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if it is clear enough , residents only need to heat it to wash dishes or even drink it .
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of them costs much more than the other .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that they can eat too .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn them .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and who we appreciate and get significant influence from .
I will pass them on to them and we will discuss them .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiancee bought before they broke up .
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Whether you like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive to the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days on which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have to put up with those journalists following them to the door or waiting for them stationed in front of their houses .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
Just as we have the courage to cause problems , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them . Let us become that superhero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
This is a very common argument : true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
As you can see , open discussion in class is really important since it broadens your horizon and helps you to understand different nation s ' policies .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide it .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising , as had been happening for the last few days .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will want to repeat it !
A language is the great thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but it ended up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to pay money from his own pocket .
A curious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets it apart from the others .
Admittedly , I do n't know this myself .
The hard truth is that until someone has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
For those who are looking for cheap but practical clothes , I would recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as they help people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
My babysitting duties were to put the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
Cooking is one of the things I like most and I am not frightened of working hard , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
