Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
They have no facilities than other countries .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
I went to the beach , we loved .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
some people who they ca n't live without it .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
Thank in advice for your information .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
I respect him so much and admire also .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
Is a language that many people speak and known .
Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
It will better if they have public transport .
If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of me .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
Many people who go to their work late .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
How are eating ?
One day will be like him .
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
I am writing to apply for your job offer .
we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
what is it the best ?
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
I want to give you a few words .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
Although it is not human , they also have feelings .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
We told them that had to leave our house immediately .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
This makes easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
Think that can do a fantastic job .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
How is going ?
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
I hope I find the answers to your question in my letter .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
We enjoy so much .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
You should come to my city and will enjoy .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
Look at you .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
They always give you what we like to eat .
In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I would like to be like she .
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me is more than that .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
Maybe in the future will be worse .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
Faithfully
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .
I enjoy all the time when I am there .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
You may not realize when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Hope all is well with you .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
It does require to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
she was her old friend Tia .
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality who does n't like crowds of people walking around .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
These are white with black and blue lines .
I love it .
My mother gave me for my birthday .
This idea is fantastic , although this will be very complicated .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .
I 'm sure is very heath for your body .
In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .
Best regards , and look forward to your good news .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by himself .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes them .
All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .
This is really exciting and amazing .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love it .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
my parents always support me to play what like and
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
they cache them .
Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
It has a lot of faculty members .
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
when you can , you call me .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
You must try !
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .
I started to think that was born for that sport .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
It 's a fantastic new !
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .
Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
Every year have " earth hour " .
I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .
When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
It provides energy for our bodies .
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
You and me can see us .
Will is fantastic !
Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
I love so much , my dear friend .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
Thank for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
I can say that is the most natural move for human .
Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
But I will try to convince they .
I have some to tell .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
Who is him ?
-Who is him ?
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .
Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
Michael , that is a policeman , decides to help her .
Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
I would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
When I was young , I could n't use it .
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .
After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
He realized that 's means .
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
The frog got well while I was at home for two months .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
Should I show my love again ?
We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
- experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
Teach about a debates .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
You wo n't regret !
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
I was 30 years before .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
Every year the price of public transport turn it up .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
It is against author 's assertion .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
To sum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention in the email .
He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
You will not regret .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
I would like to thank you for you help me .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
This girl is an acquantance him .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
but it 's only my personal opinion .
annonced the way take about the town .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . I like it very much .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
After that on the next day , I feel myself better .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
The main advice it would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
I think it would be the best advice .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening could be colder than during the day .
That 's the main reason I love it .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
Try new food in completely different places .
Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
I want to know if it is available a grant .
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like it .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
AT night has a special atmosphere .
There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones too .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
Which is cooked in different ways .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
Everybody must have free time for yourself .
You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
Some do not like but it is a personal business .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
It can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
Hope you have the chance to see each other next month .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
Most of the people know a lot about him .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed himself that he is an excellent team player .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
That is the experience can not given by car .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people rely on public transport .
It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something very fresh inside me .
I felt happy .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
Why are they even exist ?
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , who are very popular around the country .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
Is it true ? I agree with this statement .
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra time .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
Just looked her with asking eyes .
Then handed me a box and walked away .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
Then you should know that you there will be two kinds of transport .
In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
This is like that all days , except Sunday .
Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
sincerely ,
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
In my opinion it wo n't .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
( So do n't need to hurry now . )
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
to who may concern
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
She smiled and thought that is a joke .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
Well , i 's time to go .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
many people consider it indispensable .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
However , it was not .
I wish you love it either !
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
It was something new to me and that 's why attracted me so much .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
My husband and me play in two clubs .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off they .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
I hope it would help you .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
It 's very small !
It measures about 30 centimetres .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
I said that I would accompany you .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve myself in lots of fields .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
They would just do if they have to .
Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
However , others disagree with it .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and me were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me went back home .
Monica and me called out her name and we slapped her face .
It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
Is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
And the more won competitions , the more proud was I of myself .
A lot of different languages are spoken in all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn it .
Michael felt himself strangely , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
With these experiences I can safely escort people , which are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate the reasons why is especially complicated to maintain long lasting friendships in any situation .
I value this friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind about it .
My mother told me that you would have to take care of it by yourself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
Since that day , I started to take care of on my own .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
As a writer - to - be I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
She has to do it , and is a sacrifice .
The problem is that maybe is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and will be hard for you to stop .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that want to learn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that had better do some community work .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect more than others .
Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favourite actress .
And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
To sum it up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my mine aims .
After that , we now need to print it out .
Peter got so scared that ran away .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
what is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work on his favour , the servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix it .
It was risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in him .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
At first , Ken , had thought about giving some cruise tickets as a present .
Yes , that 's true that the car is far more convenient than the public transport .
When you want to travel the world or just going to visit your parents , which are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
People would say that travelling on public transport it is the future for our lives .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
For instance , travelling with children it is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
That was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around .
Will have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
What if that the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by himself .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
Even just in cities , let it alone travelling at long distances .
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of it then will have been exploited .
So , is it really worth it getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or taking their first job ?
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from and earn money at the same time .
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achieved in the most varied environments .
The enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
Or has it ran away ?
I did n't know was happening , and why they were acting like this .
When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about me .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on the camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people that , fortunately , had a radio .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and helped each other .
To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design it .
He must have applied some lip stick for it to be that red !
First of all , let me tell the adavantages .
She looked around making faces at everyone around .
Who could be ?
Off late , debates in news channels are the talk of the town where u get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude what had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
There are many people who worry about and are willing to help and support them .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
It is too early is n't ?
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
Was 31st October .
Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
As it is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
In the third part of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home more than 2 hours a day .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about it .
Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
They are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances and the right way to handle it .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows to be the most efficient way to travel !
Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , this is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
- I must find her before he does it .
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and can keep using as a guide .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
I also learned that is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
Suffering as well as death is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them but rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , therefore , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used it as cones .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn it on ice in one month .
Someone designed all things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and it is the main idea of the article .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink .
We all know the situation , when we are in supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and appreciate and get significant influence from them .
I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
Enough talk , is time to make a decision : we want a better world , or , we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide them .
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising up , as it had been happening for the last few days .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat !
A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but they end up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to put money from his own pocket .
A corious fact is that out of the five most popular sports in the world only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it helps t people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
My babysitting duties were to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with and read to them .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
