I consider it more convenient to drive a car , because you carry more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
But can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for it like we wait for the bus or underground , but on the other hand , cars cost more money than public transport .
If I had to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably choose the car because it is better for me to go by car than to go by bus .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost in the garden , with worms that eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
The following day , she said sorry and they were happy again .
But when they got to Michael 's house , they fought again and Michael got a knife and kill her .
Friends can communicate and exchange ideas , feelings and funny things that happen around us .
Secondly , family members can give you some advice about how to deal with the things which cause you trouble .
On the one hand , travel by car is really much more convenient , as it gives you the chance to be independent .
I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
If you think I am the right person you want , please send me a reply . Thank you .
About 40 years ago , there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there were not even good facilities to move from one place to another and that is because there were no companies to build cars . After about 10 years , car trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , they faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve them in the end .
Nowadays all modes of transport are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes . Some people prefer cars because they do not like crowded places or because they find it cheaper sometimes , but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer driving their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by avoiding crowded places .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throw it all together in black sacks .
But when I was a teenager , I began to experience situations that I did not like , for instance , girls said bad things to me or they talked unkindly about me .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared a special birthday for me and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
We both like to travel around the world and to do some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
How are you ? Are you still living in Madrid ?
Technology has changed people 's lives a lot . In fact , we can think how different our life is compared to either our parents ' or our grandparents ' lives . For example , my parents did n't watch TV , because there was n't any TV in the world when they were young . But that is n't the only difference : we can think about the mobile phone , the computer and finally the internet . Our grandparents could n't have imagined a strange machine like the computer in their lives .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly . In the near future , most cities in the world will become overcrowded . This will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved . For example , traffic jams and air pollution .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then later in the evening I went to the beach .
I like to run fast , so fast in fact that it feels as if I am running on air and my feet hardly touch the ground between strides .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel satisfied .
I think the best restaurant we can go to is " The Sailor 's Restaurant " .
The last time I was there I ate the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life .
The owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure he will give us a good price .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use their own car so much .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I work for your company .
This is an esay about my favourite sport . It has been swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone . I never miss a chance to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I would recommended people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that they will like it and later they can stop swimming .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupid companions that do n't understand anything .
I love my family , especially my little sister . She is sixteen years old . I consider her my best friend because I usually tell her everything about my life .
My oldest sister , whose name is Cinthya , is really weird towards me .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and help the planet .
However , adults can practise it as well and they will get the same .
Then we can sell them and get income from it .
What we believe , as Muslims , is that we were created by one who does n't have any other with him ; the one who created our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in Paradise and instructed not to eat from the tree , but Satan deceived them , so they came to this life and generations came from them and sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who worshipped the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who will follow the truth which will guide them to Paradise and who follow other paths , which will guide them to hell . So , because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand . In my opinion it is more of a teen movie .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because it 's the kind of sport that is n't very hard .
Apart from that , Karate is not just a sport , it is also a discipline . It teaches you respect , balance , even culture .
but there was a fee in order to enter the competition . He had no money . Fortunately , he has a lot of friends that can lend him some .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we will have a bus which has seats for everybody and I wo n't have to stand up .
In conclusion , in the future we should have more comfortable buses .
Since we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain it .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan . This is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico . Caring for the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions to care for it .
It would be useful if I could live with other students , because that is a good way to learn a language as well .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
In my town we have created a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . The citizens of the town must participate in this . The citizens take responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish in the correct place and clean trees and plant more of them .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time ; you can not have a life , no peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless , the journalists are all the time taking photos , all the time , when they are eating , drinking , happy , sad , how is their love life and who they spend time with , if stay with something important or what they buy .
One day , Penny discovered it and went to tell it to his queen . The queen , on hearing that , got very confused but at the same time she got mad and she wanted revenge .
I go back home and have a deep sleep when I have finished .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and its problems should be worked on to resolve them before things get worse , and the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
I want to say that it is very difficult to understand the conjugation of the verbs in Spanish , so just imagine the same but not in your native language .
For a newcomer , the first thing you have to decide , is what they can do better , batting or bowling .
As health is an important factor in every sport , you also need to improve your health and stamina .
Firstly , the bus is always stopping to pick up a passenger so , it takes more time than expected to travel .
To sum up , I still consider having your own car way more safe and convenient .
Because your order was confirmed too late and that the order was n't in advance , we could only send 5 pieces .
So I knew that there was someone whose name was pronounced the same as mine .
There is nothing wrong with going to a place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but not always .
His mom died because something or someone dragged her by the leg and pulled her into a cave where other animals ate her .
The second daughter was named Elizabeth and was a leopard She . was the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She was 12 years old .
Hey , my name is Joe and I 'm 21 years old and l think l would suit the summer camp very well because of my good manners and I 'm very open with kids , so they can open up and speak .
And it is true .
His parents were worried and called him a couple of times .
This situation was really frustrating , not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
You should try playing , it 's such fun , but I warn you , it is not easy at first , but you have to try many times like you should do in life .
Michael woke up in the morning and read the newspaper .
A lot of people think that there are too many ads on television , but , is it true ?
I recommend that you do n't give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can give a lot of satisfaction !
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I qualified at the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
Nowadays , there are many people who are learning foreign languages . For me , it is a good thing that more people are learning languages , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
While youngsters use their time trying to inform the oldest people of the village about the importance of taking care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
People now are worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoyed it very much .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth taking into account for the next course that will take place next year .
This way , we made the most of it and never gave up improving our English level .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
For example , in history class , history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before they start to teach the history of South America at the beginning of the semester .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spent 11 months a year studying .
Sharing houses or rooms has many advantages , such as being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . Saving money and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times those for hiring an apartment , and because they will be closer to the university . Saving money and time is more efficient because of reducing transportation costs .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
As an example , if you are able to get along with your travel companion , you can enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places of common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy Mexican food .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Although some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones that use gas or diesel ) so , people choose these ones and that 's why pollution is one of several issues that we have to deal with .
Not everybody can afford a journey by car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy while travelling and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
Priority seats are reserved for those who need them , not only elderly people but also some adults need them .
Some people even criticise them for occupying the seats instead of offering the seats to someone else .
For example , people meet their relatives that they haven't seen for a long time .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity is not a common habit in Spain .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as lowering CO2 emissions .
Should we learn other languages ?
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitable in the future , but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
During a concert everybody can enjoy , themselves but nobody thinks about how they prepare for a concert .
On the morning of the concert , we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided not to think about the concert but just do our jobs which we would be given .
Can you give me a hand with that ?
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasant , as is usual at this time of year .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , a more or less relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we should vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we speak about books , work and studies , whereas with this type of environment , we can speak about ourselves , our family , our hobbies , and everyone will get to know something new about other classmates .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well educated person and gives you a chance to develop your knowledge .
Because you can watch them with your friends .
She went there and there was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why do n't you play with me anymore ? Are you bored of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed the other one .
I recommend a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
They notice any kind of failure .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because people who do not have a car need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
To whom it may concern ,
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientists that think it helps children 's brains to develop , but it is important to supervise them , because there are a lot of violent games .
That does not mean you will never find one .
Also , they make us cleverer .
We should use them but we must not forget about books .
In some ways , the fact that she stole the food in the night and I woke up was good for my survival .
Many disagree about whether public transport will disappear , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increase in travel .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel awkward to mention it to colleagues or an employer .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt someone 's feelings by telling the truth at all times .
However , things did n't happen like I hoped .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celebrities ' ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
The film starts by putting your in the flesh of the main character , who is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what seems to be a camp .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , which is like a little safari park , or Doñana National Park , where , in that period , you can see some migratory birds .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or you simply do n't like to drive , you could find it easier to take public transport .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a counsellor that is very handy .
This means that they have different flavours of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
The narrator reveals not so much about himself or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know throughout the text .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a declining trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Despite this , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , which is profitable for people living in the area .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , as in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , who are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder ; a full set of saucepans ( do you really need that ? ) .
To sum up , I firmly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills is time well spent .
But that is not the only reason to take a year off .
In addition , my studies and experience have taught me to be precise and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Luckily for me ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after who told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) to myself that I was not counting on , proved to do wonders ! ! !
I haven't found time to download the pictures ( of ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , it was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered species in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in depth .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
As I said , adolescents can be very confused and if there 's one thing that gets under our skin , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite .
Adolescence is like this ; there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown in the dark .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport . The simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , who believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form . He says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank all due respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
This has made it no longer necessary for humans to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
For example , many people like the royal family because they are honest people , not like the politicians , who always lie .
They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended them to do ...
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Many made - for television movies say that they may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
