I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
In addition to it , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
We have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
In following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
But when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
I play football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
However , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
How are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
It is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
The last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
the owner is a very kind person and I 'm sure who he makes us a convenience price .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I 'm your employee , to serve on your company .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I would recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
When I 'm dancing I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n't understand anything .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
Because of this , we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
Then they can sell them and get income of it .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
In conclusion , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
It would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
He called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
Her mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Had 12 years old .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
And this is true .
his parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
This situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
I am Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
In addition , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
For example , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
In a nutshell , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
and sophisticated and can travel faster .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
For example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
Cycling to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
Should learn other languages ? .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
In the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
Can you give me a hand on it ?
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
Firstly , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
Because you can watch it with your friends .
She went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand.''Bell , why you do n't play with me anymore?Are you boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?But you removed me the other one .
I recommend you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
Notice any kind of failures .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
to who may concern ,
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
It does not mean you will never find one .
Also it makes us more clever .
We should use it but we are must not forget about books .
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
Many disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
To further illustrate the first point above , could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
However , things do n't happened like what I hoped .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
I speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
It means that they have different taste of tortillas -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others- and salsas -tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Despite it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
Not everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
In addition , my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
When visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
I think is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
The are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
