When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
The rich people will buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
In my experience when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Volleyball is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
For example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
But , if you want I look for a job from you .
Thank you for you e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
Today public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
Instead it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
If we think about it the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
All this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone , today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is football , why I choose it?Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much!Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
By the way , my favorite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n't have heart .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
For example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
It cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
Although , the better option , is pick out a train .
Transportation one of the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
On the one hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
If you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
If you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
However we the people have really important part of making it worse .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Usually i play football with my classmates .
Before training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
His main words:"You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
We have achieved this result , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe , that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
In my opinion public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Besides there are lots of low income people who ca n't buy their own car .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
You can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
But when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
My name is María , I am from Spain .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
The lessons are very funny
Dear Sir or madam :
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life.for example my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Nowaday , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n't always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble
Hello Alex , how are you .
Are you free for weckend , have you any plans .
In conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
Sometimes we are going to the party 's in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
Other person is Angel , he do n't dance in all place .
Hello Something .
For example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I like to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
In the last few years forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor 's restaurant "
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
Currently , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
So , if people were aware of this subject would n't use so much their own car .
First of all you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n't have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n't your responsibility .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
Just your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
In big cities public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n't boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Luckily the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more than this .
When you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
i love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
My oldest sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
Also i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
Actually i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
For work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
Another thing that you must know it 's how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
we think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
Regarding the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
What we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n't have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
firstly . i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
as much as possible of city area or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I never thought about , people got so many pet .
In the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly the same as their dog .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
The first movies , were amazing ! !
The fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
Technology , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
On the other hand , in the future maybe would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
Dear sir Dimara .
I live at Patras a big city in Greece .
in my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Unfortunately when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
After we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
As a rule after last exams they do n't know what university to choose .
What they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
Firstly it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Secondly such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
And thirdly they might work for earning own money or travel .
I live in San Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
I was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
In my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
The problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
It was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
is horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
Nevertheless the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
How are you .
Forgive me . :
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ca n't find one ... They started to get panicked !
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Like they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
One day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
The next day when they were about to start filming they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays the languages are very important , and more English .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
First reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
That I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
Second reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
For a nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
As health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need n't bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
If you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
when you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
Wszysycy residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
In addition to this I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Global warming is a serious issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Finally , our class got the first runner up .
At last , my house got the second runner up .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Is is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
One upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
One they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
Hello Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
You have classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Hey my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
Then I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
When I was older , I could get better my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Later when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
He started walking very quickly
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
In case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
First reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
As a result people can save their time .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
my village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It 's Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It 's very good and all staff are respectable I ca n't imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
When I was 10 I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
I am not a big fan of sports so I do not play any .
However I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
Michael sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n't put his name and address .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
What about you?What 's new in Brazil?As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
Next time I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
Why am I making this choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Yes it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
Furthermore you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
I 'm eighteen years old and I 'm doing a languages translation degree at university at the moment , that 's why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
Also I 've just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
So , finally I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
How are you ? .
You will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
Well , the airport is located just outside Reus , it 's small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
When you get off the bus you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Nowadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
On the other hand , are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Today globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
One month ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
If I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
However , only one thing that we dislike
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
However it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Finally I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
You probably wo n't believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
They were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
This way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Last two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
Instead I believe it is an advantage .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most probably private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
Imagine this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For instance , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
I know the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
if you do n't like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
Finally I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
When I arrived my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
In New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
Finally we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
They were incredible amazing and beautiful .
In conclusion I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me
The powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
In conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
I think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In this way the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
Mostly Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
Also people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
For doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
However it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
On the other hand I enjoy every second of it .
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
Nevertheness it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However not all people are aware of it .
In this fast moving world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Firstly to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
Firstly it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
I deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
In many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
Nowadays we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
Maybe , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
Some people think , it might take away their independence .
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
The terrible consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
I did n't choose that , this job has chosen me .
For the last two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
On the other hand I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Also holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
However , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
Statistically cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
Should learn other languages ? .
On the one hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Also in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
Also I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
I worked in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
Winnie loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
I felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
In my opinion the house in the future will be better .
Inside will be full of conveniences .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In house of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Thanks to that it can expand or reduced .
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
In the concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
For example they know everything about each helper 's jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
On the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
Finally concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
When the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
I want to invite you to our next concert which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
In our country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
In order to resolve some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
Despite of changing channels we see the same news .
Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
However the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Furthermore I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
Basically my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I ca n't afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
In my opinion we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Actually , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
However , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Though travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Nowadays people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
When you are reading a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
You can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
On the other hand , if you like being in company the best way for you is movies .
Also many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
After some years the girl decided that she had to move .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
Next day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
I ' m the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I 'm interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
At the end , I 'm also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
When I was little I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
At first , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
The cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Last 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we do n't need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
On the other hand a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
Perhaps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
I 'm motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
However there are brilliant games for children .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Nothing is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
The more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
Sometimes then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life .It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also it makes us more clever .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Personally for me , I like books very much .when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n't handle this news .
To the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
Such as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
Actually , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
And that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n't important information .
I get a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
Finally in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
In the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
Doing excercise it 's an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Thanks and start now , you wo n't regret it .
Is there any future to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
On the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it 's quicker ...
There 's not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
Indeed , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Obviously it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
Do you agree or disagree " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
People usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
Also , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am not very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
That is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
To my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' so they have to take into account .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
Still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you 're missing out .
Personally winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
Of course garbage is sorted into different bins .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
As I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
Also this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
That sounds great , I 'm so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I 'm gon na be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you 'll find the school on your right .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
In the Simpson family all the characters are very funny .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was one dreary rainy Sunday morning .
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letter for months .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
First of all they are very dirty by nature .
So called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
I am upset about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
People are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
Though they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Sometimes cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Speaking about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . .
Happily you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
For now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malika , that 's the problem .
So yes , the decision is made .
The door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family and so on , but this is what happened .
At the moment he did n't realise that .
At the moment I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I wish to be a great engineer one day so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Nowadays it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
Again we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
Third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
Fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
At the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
Then , I realised the boy at the centre was n't a simple boy , He was Felix !
He stayed there a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
As you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Also the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
On the whole there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
In this essay both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
It goes without saying , that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having conversation I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Thereafter I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
Also I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
I am writing about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
You can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
Sometimes they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
However , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
When planning their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
Sandy beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
So , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
If we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
You do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
Every day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
Little by little I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
So if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
You ca n't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort!.
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit
With best wishes :
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
I had never travelled to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
education meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
As far as I am concerned I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
Environmentally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
What I love most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
However there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
Hello , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions , or in the Social Care .
In addition we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
In the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
Besides , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
Well it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
However , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacations .
And if the ecology is important for you just think about the pollution .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
In most cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
In my opinion , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
Moreover they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
Even when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
Apart from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
About two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
So after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Before that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
I do n't think so , but on the other hand what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
But let 's not digress into that , that 's all another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
In this Camp parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
Best wishes .
The man as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I think I am very lucky then because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
One year ago I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
In the same way I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
As I said adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Adolescence it is like this , there 's a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
In order to get to your destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
Every afternoon it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
As technologies develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
Moreover , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In conlcusion we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Boxing is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
With this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs who were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
In Candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
For example when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair not hope .
However it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
Our individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be divided .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
Whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
Politically we are moving closer together .
E.R.M. is already upon us but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
To conclude I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
However , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
On Britains roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
To remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
The main disadvantage with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
My soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To improove the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road .
The answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
This is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
Even if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
The 2nd reason , is the promblem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
People stopped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
This has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
How pleased , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
The British national lottery run by non British firms .
since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
However , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Also , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
The world watched in anticipation -- We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
" We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin-
It was the start of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War --
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- Many people had tried to escape .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
I had asked him once if he had n't been scared , scared of what he would find once he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany --
Bolstered by the Germans ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well -- Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether the people are happier or not , I can not say --
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
As for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
When calculators came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
Computers encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
This is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
Computers can offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is however a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
Also , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
Partly this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
There is also however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Whether it be a kitchen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Certainly we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
For example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
I think the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
Normally more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n't ?
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
Through no fault of her own she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
There should be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetuses .
People in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are succesful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
An in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
As a result this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
In cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is however the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
To compensate , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
As you can imagine this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
Because of this the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
For so many years the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical ideas .
A discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
In the early eighties " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the past three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
In America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria -- the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 's to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Also almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
Due to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
Ted Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Decisions , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
With the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
It is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
Before the invention of the airplane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
Since the invention of the airplane the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
For example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
But we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
But , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
So , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
Not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Unfortunately these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
A mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For As I have said before , there is no fire !
All these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
In the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
At night one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
In Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
The difference is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
In many cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Hopefully we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Many made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
